100000
..u,,uurl. d r. .l ddrdud,,.,ud,l r.uudu ,l.drl.r. u,,.u..,dl,d ur, d,ul.rd.,, ,d. d. l,,r.luudr,ul u,d  url,rl .,..dd.d.dr.ul u  ,,.r.u , lu,,,r,u,u uld ,udrdldud ud r,dlu,d.r,....,lr,l dr ,,  d,.lu, rl rl, r  . ,u d ,dl. ,,dd.r,du ulur,u ud.,lduru,ddlr,,udd, uu.du.uuu.d,.l ,u,u uu,ud, r lu..uu.r d du  u.dl.dur,d,lu,..r.udlu,,r,dd d,ld r d ,, udd.ld r lr .  dl,u.u. rdld r  udlu.,d ur d,,,luu., uu.ru.. dluu dud .dudu,ru ul,dd,u,d ,d,drd..,  u,d..l...rlrl ,d.u.,rdu,,.lu  r d ud.l,r l,u.urduu,d .l rlr,,,,d . .lru,ud.lddd.du,.u r,lr.,ud.luu duu.u  uudu , .udd.d, .,d,u.dd d,dru,,d dld.d drdd  l,dudurlu.u   ddurld .uu,duu,..ddu.. ,,.ur.dld.dd,,,.,.ru.u....,ddduu,du,.l. , ,.u,uuudd.d,rd. .dl, r u,u,,uludduu u.r. ud,,. l.. r.ulrludddrd, lr.u,,udu ul.uru,,u.l    ,u.u.uu ud,d ,ud,., ,d.,r,ldu.,,,d  u. u, ,, .rd,lu.u,rldr d,,uud,du.  uldr,ud,ldd ,u u,d,uud .r udld  u.u.r ,ld.ud,... dr .lru., ,d.d d.,,dludd d.d,..rd   lr,u l . , r, ul ud.,rlrl,.,. r l , .r ul .r,u u  l,u ..,,u,du,..,ruuuudd.u., ulu,,d,,,,uud.ur..,  .u ld.uuur, dd. . ,dl  rl.d.r,l,du,  ur., l u,.d, .ud r.l ,, r... l,,,,.  ,d . dd,..du.r.d.  ,u.u dlr ,..dl,u r. , .u,,uldurld r.d,, .lru.dl.d.u ud.u,rlr  d uuu,l r.l u . uu,d .u,ud, udd  u,,rd. ,dl,.d ...d ud..r u., dd. dl ,,d.,r,.  . lu..r ,l..u ,r,.,.ludd,, .ddur.,. ul,urdlr,, d uluduuddur,d.,,lru.lddr l.du...duurd duu ..   .u .,lr, u ulud.r.d.l.,r..uddudl r. u. lu,duu ,dud    .dr.u.d.,.d  lu,ur uldu ,udrldd r . d, ul.ddd ,u..r. d.,,l ,u,d, d,, d. rddl  d...,r.dl r , .uudlu, .dd.. ,d,r.,lu ,d.u.u ... r, uduudl.uu,d,d.u..d u, u ru.u.u.u,dld r .dlddur ,,uu dl,ud ud  r  .. ul...dr u ,.,.,,lud,du.dd  ddurd..d,l.,uu..,,d. u .uuddu ,r.d dld ur.l r,duuduu.ul.u,r,u.lr ,.lr d ,.l.,rd l.,,,,. ru.l ,  .ur,.uudlu..,, ,dud. ,du,r,u d. lu,,,r    .d,dd dl,u.ud  urd.d,l, . u d du.rldud,ruul  ur..ldr,.dldr.l,urd , l ddud , ,.,d ,r...duddul.rldud.  ,u,du..du r. u,ld,,,ud  ,r.dul..r. lr ld. r.uduldudu..rl.r,u  ,dd d  u lr,,, ...lrlu.ur..l ,d.uruu,dud du l, , .. u,,,.r,u,ulu,,ddd , u ru ,l,ru.,uuudludr.dldr ld ,,ud,r.ud,d,..lu,.ur.,  ,d.ulu,,r,u.d,.,.uldu...,rdl.u,.ud., .rld,ru   .,du. du,ld,. urulur, ,l d u  d.u,.r l,, ddr,u .. u.,l,  u..u,d ddu,. .u..,rl ru .ud,u,. ,. ,lddr,u,.d.uu.l, ,.r dd ,uul du.rdd d,. ,d., ld,.u, r ,.ld,du...  uu r,.l   ,.udu. rd .uddd. u  .l u rd   .u...uu .udu ,,,ddud,.....d, l r, lu,.,r ,, d,l d,r,uul,rdl,rlrl uuu.ud .,d..,  r.d,ld r,,l d,du,r,,,,,.lrl,rl d .r l,dr,. dlu.u. ,.u.d . ,..u,,,ur,dd,lru ,l ..,r..,u,ul. r  d  .lr.dlr. d dudl ,.ru.,d..u  .l.du d,u,rlu . ,,u,r,dl.,r.l, . dudu d.  .,..  ,rl,ddrd.duu. .lrlu,.,rd ,  l r, d.u,,u...,. u.uuuu. ul,u.drdl,urdu l.uur.u,l, d.ud uru. ,lr,u , u.d ..d,.,dl urlrdd.lu.r . d dl.rddu dld..r.d ..,   ..u  u u.,,l.,u,du.d ..r .dlu,d.durdld..ddd,du,.r,,ud d udd . u,l,udr,du.., u u., ,u,.u. d,. .d,l,,,..udd rd.,d.uu,u...,d  ,,u., ,l.r dudd.,dlr,luuu..r.u.,, u., d,.du l d  rdu.duulu,u uur.u.ld,rlrl.ud.rdduuuu,ludd, .du .,.d..,udrluuur,,,.ld,d.ud.,,.   u.r....l.r.d., ,,,l .,.rl,dr.uldd,uuud.,r,u.lu uud,u,u,, u.,r,ludud,rudul. ....dd.d,r,lrd, l.,rl..u,u, d,,,, ,ru,u.,.uud.l,,uu .u,. ddu,u ru,ud,  l .ru ,dlr dl ,d d, ,u ..r.u.d l.d,dd u ddr d,,.l,ur.lrdld,u.. d,r, .d .d..dl u.r.d,l urlr ud,.  l ..d..udrd,l,,  ..r.,u,u,l.u .. .. r ulr,  ld  uud, u,,ur.d,ldrl,r.l .rud.dl.dr,.ul,d,dd.d d.,.,..ru, l  ,rud d lr.u.dd,u,..dl,,.d,urulurld,.rdd, .,du,.udlrdulu,durlu,u .,udu r..udd,u,,,, d.,,u,lu.,ur,dul.u,,ur.,lud,r ldu.dd,dd,d dr, , d.dludr ,ld. .u,,ru,,uudlrulu,drul ,u,rul. ud.r,.l. .., .u .rl,.d . .  , r, ,lud,d,.r lr d.u.dudlur u d,,..ddlru. ,  ,udlur ,, ,d ,,l .udrld r,.,d.udl,u.uu,urd dd,.l.rd,,. uddl  d  uu.r.,,l  .ur...l.u durl.ddudddu ,rddlrddu l,,d.  .  d. rlu,.dudr,ud.l..r l . ..rld, ,rlu, .u.rl u.urud.,l, u,rl. ,r,lddudd.du d,dr u..lr.u,.d.uu dd. .du.u,,d.l..dr d ,,ulud ,d ,r,,du .lrl,dd.d,. u ,.rudl .r .dul.rulru.duud,uudu l,u. u.u, ruu    ,,u.uu.ud,l. u , dr.. ul. ,ru u    ., lr l,uru,lu,ruuldu ,r.du .ddu,.l. . ru,d dduu, .lr ,.d .d,,lr,l,,   dr,l... d,u .r  . ,,dd  d,uul,u u.ru,  ,udl r.l rld rd,. dldd,r,.,luurlr , l,ur,.uldrl  d,d .url , du..ru ,u..d.dd.,dld., .du.r, .u.,,.d,l,, r ,d.l.u r lr ,uduu,l,u. .u  u,u,d,d d,.,ruul,.rlud d uruuld,,rl.uu..rl,, rdl,uur,,dd  u d,,..l ,u . r.dd.,ld. ,durddluru,d  .d udd .,,u l,dr .,.,uldddur .,du,, ,.u,ld ,, r,d.d.dld u..d.r,u,u.,,  uu.u..lrdu  ,u uul,,,r. .d. u u.d,l.d ,r ..luuruu lu ,rudl.du.,u  ,  , . u.u,d ., r. .dudduld ru..,lu,,du , ,,u drddu.udlr,lrl  .duddrd .d,, .d.,. d lr lr  ,l .ud d.durul uur uld  r ,lu  r,dd,.,.  . . du,d l,d.ud ,.,.u,,dr,,.d,ud  ,..l  dd,,.dd.r.lud,ud.uruul.,u ru,l,d..,dr u ld..  urlr.ul,r,  d .d,,.dd, .u,l.d.,, dr.ulrdldr,, ,du. l,rd.ldur,,.d,l rlud.u.r  l.duurd.u.  ld ,d,rl ,.rd d uuld,.d ,d u,u,u,.,dru  .u.,lrd,  lur,.l rul..  ,,, u.ruld.,.uud,,u,drd. ,d. d ., d.d..u,uul ...rl.ddd d.udd. .ru ddldu u,uru.lr,dul dr , ,ddd lud.uu r,.d ddd..uu,..lr ,, u,. ul. ,dru,udu u.l,,.,ud..rl  d.ru,lud, d urldu d.rulr  ,dlu,.r .,ldu u.r, lu.r,., .lrl,,u ,uu,,,.,  d,.rl.. drdd. . u.d  d..,l r.lr.. d,uu.,, . dd l,,dd. d r  ..uuu.lrd. u.ulrdu d.,u ., ld.. d rddul.. .rd,uu  dlrldurdudd  u  .u  ul  du,.r.,ulrd ,ul,  ,.dru. ldu ,ur .d ,. dd,,,.u .,d,,.dl r  .ulu, ..,,.u,d d,,du. . drdu,,l  u.r, ,d ,,u.dludd rlu,r,d d, ldudr .u.uul, ,.. rulr d ,.dd.lrd .uu ld  .rudu .l drl ,dd,rlud,d r udlur,..,,ld..,rdd,l,d..d,,u.rd,lu.dru uldu..,ur, u.u..udd lrl.d ru,du, .,lu.,u,ddd.u .uddd,urdddu.u lud,d.uu, drdl.d.duru  ulru. u . ,l, r,,du,.u.,, ld.u.uur,d duu.udlrdd ,ldd, ud. ..rd. .l . u ddr,l ,,ud.url url,, .r,,  lrld uuud, d.,ur d .u.u.l,ddrlr .dlr.ddul, .,u, ur. u,,.d  ,  ,u,.ud  d, l.u..,r.d  .ulurd uulr,,,.l.d.urdu,udludd, du,rudd,lud,u..., .,u,.,uru. d uudd,  d u dd. l,, d urd..ud,.ud.,.,luru .u.d,udud,,l, ,,dr,.l.ud,,,r,ul.,u..ddurdd.u  u.ldduru.  d,,lud.ru,duu.l.u d,du.u,d,..,d .ud r.l.r,ddl.,u,u.du,drudu,  .d.,.l ,urlr, ,,lur l,rl ddd.  ,u,  ,dudd .ud rdl. u d,r,lr  u,, uudlu.,,,.u.rlrl. .uur dul,r,,. ...l,.,d,drl d.r.  .duu.,d.ud , ,ld r u.l, ,..,uudduu.du dr u,.u luurddl r..d d,l r...dl.ruddddd ,lru,u,lrudd.uuuuul.r,lru,,.l.r.duld, dduuurulrd .,.. ,,u  ,lur.  .du. ,  ,ldud,ru ldrdud lr,,d uldu ud r,,u, ldu r , l,  .,.d..,r  ,dl d rd ld.ur ddd,ldd, u.r u u.d., l.d.r .uld,d.u  u, ,,,,rddl, ,.d.uu  ,ruddudd.lu uu  .ur.dl.dr,.ul,ur.u., ,,lrulrl,r,l,.d,,r dd,u.d.l .r, lr d.uulurdud lddddu d.,, . u,,..d,.  ddd. r, ,ldud,rlr, udu ,.l..r.du.dld, ,ddd  urulur. ldrul.duurul ,ru u,,u d.l d, uudd.d.duu..rdl .rud,lr,,dl ud,, ,, .u...rdulr,u.,du  .l,d .r,,,l,d.,.,uru ldduu.r,d.duu.,  , u.u, .d.uu . ud.d ud u..  uuul.u,uu..d.d.dr.u, lu ,r u.udu ,.l.u  ,,.rdd ,ul,u .,ruulrdd..,dluu dd.rdd l , dr.l.,r..l,r,dldudu.udrdu ,.ud.ulu,,dd,dd,,,r ud ,   ld.,dd u  .r,. lu... ,uud,,ru  dlduu.   .urdd,d,l  rddl, r,.lr,l  r    u.,uldd u,, uu.,,r.ldrlr.ulrl  d ,,,.ud,,  . .r.dul.rl.,d.,r..l,u.ddu,.dr duu, , u.dd ,ud,d lr.ddd l,.dr,,l...d. .u,., ,.ur lurlddru,,ld ud,  .rlurdlrl.d.r ..lu .,d .r,lrul,. .,  ,uudd u,. d,,d d,ruuld..udrulr.d d .. , ,,,d,ld.ur..,,u.,,u, ,d,dl rd.du ,u ,d, dlr,,,ud,l.ru lr lr.,lu.u, duu,.,r  u.l ,,ur  .,dddd,u. ,u u,.. ,u, d ulu r,u,dd,.. .ud. .d,u ddd lu  rlr  u,,   ,l.r ,.  ud ..u. d.  lu,,rlrl. . d. ,d ,u..d ,.d d ur d,.l.du  .,..dddd .,u,d d...,du .r.d..l  ddr, .d,l, ... url r ,,.,,,,dl.dd.d d,ud ,d ..,.rl.ruld...,druul urd lu, ,u ,.u,rdld,r ,,. du,l. urd,lu,.. . ,,d.d rddu uu .lud,,d ,,,drd,ud,,u du...ludd.r..lurl. rl, r.u ,ldr,,udd ..uudl d..ud drlrld.ud..u, ..u,d. .rudld,ddr.d, ,.l, , .u,   .d. .u,  ,u .urdud ld,,d r,uluudru..,l u., urld,dr,u.,u. dlru ,... u ..,,.., .  l, .  ,r.uuu ...d u,  .uu  .uuu .,, uu,u.uld uudr ld rud.dlr,,d dd ,du , l,..   ,..,.,,ddru,...l,,.r.u d ,dddd.,l.ud, , ,ddru. d,l r  l.drdl,. rd, ..d, ,  .,.l.,, du,r ldur.    l,.ud,dd.,d.. r ,udu..,.,l,.d.d,,r ld.uru..dd uu,.dlr, l,uuduruulru...l   .,d dru ,  ul.d,ud.duu .,. ddd,,.rud. ,l,.duu,duu, ,,dd drlddud.r,, d,u ddddd.l u u,uu .,ru,ud ulr,,ddul,.r.dld.u . r d, ul ddr ,.., ,,,u. l,u.,.u ,.u.uur .l.durldr.u ul,,.,udd,r,uu  d. ,dddduu u,u, ,.l,d dru,,d. d d,, l.d..rul,,.uur.ld.rl..uu,uu..drd.ld,   d, r  .,d.    l,  d,du.ud .  .uuuu.  rldru.l.u.u,u., rd,,l, ..,rdul.dr.dd,.u,u,.l,r.lur ulu., r.dd.,lu,ddr d,uuu  l .rld . d, r lu ddu.u.urdd.lu,ddd.du,,du.dd.ddd, rdlur  u, ,,l.r udu..dlu udrul u .r d,.,.d d,, u.ludrdl. .,r,ud,.lu .rdlr,ld.u. rud,,.,l d udd r ,l,u,.rdld ,rlru dd,ul.,,. .,rlddd.d .u,d,u,rd ,duuu. dl.r.lu.r...,du,dd, ,dl,u uud..u r.., du,,u l.,ruuul,.,r.lu,,.  urd..,d.uu,,lrd d .dl d.d r,duu lr,  ul, u,udud.drd,. .., uul,,rddu.l.d,rlurdlu,du u u,r d.lu  u,.ur..ludr ,d ,lrl. rdud.  ,dlu,., ..u  du ,.   ,rl ,urdd ud..ul, rddl  r.du,, uuul .r,d ,ld,,..d.urd,u,..   l. .u,,.. d uuud duu . ,,.. ,u rlru  l,,d d u.d.u,ddr.dd,. lrudlu, ,, dd .d.u ,uud ,.,u,uurl,.r  d.uu,   .dld , dr d .l ,uu dd.uuu.,ududd rddld,r ld. ,  . . d ,dd,d ,, , rulrl,,r l.u.,.ud,,u.d udd r lurud..d l rlu.,ur ,,.,lu.,rlur.l,r lur.dd.  luur lr,uu lr u ul., duu.rduu d ud.. d.ul. d ,d,,.drl.,r.d,, u   u,uu,lr.,.l, u, r  d,, d lu...u., u.rd,d., lr. l,.,,uu.ur.,.d uu .ddl,..uu, d,u. d.d,uru, u.du.,lur..l,u.udd .rld,uru d.,l ur.  dd l,.r,d,ul.,du,,.r .u l.duu,rl,d  ru., dudu u.l.,u ddd.d dd.u,ru.l ,d ,,rdlu.rdlud ru ,l.dru,   ..ul.dd.duu,drd ul..ddu, ,..u.ud,d,.rl. ru,ud.u  ,.lu, ,r  ,,l d..., r,,, ,l,.d.ud.r  ld,.rdu ld. du,r,ddud,d. d,lr,, ul,,d..ur, dudu,lru lrl .d.d,  , .  ,r  .,. d  dl d,duuur.d, .,,.ulu  d.rd,ud.dd. ,l u rudulu rdl .d,.,uruuu,d lu. ru ,.d,udu,  lrd., l. dr. uldrl.u dr,l,  .dd,,,.r l r.dld,u.dd  r....,,,.u,,.. dd,.,lrd,ulrlur,  ,.ud..,u.,. uu.uddl ,d.,  .d.u ,r d..d,., ud dud.l.   rd ,l.,u dr. , . d .dd, . u lu,rd,ul,u,,u,.  ,ru.lrud  ,l. ..ddu,, ur,du udlud,ud , rd.ul ru,u. ,dul ..d  du, rud,du ,l.url  ,.u ,,.d.,dr ,.,d. .d. lu uud  rddl urdu.dudu,d,ld r.  l,d ..uddu..,rdl,  . .,u. rul.,,.rd.u  lu....  dd r.u,,ddu,.,.,.u,uu.lrd .uu,u . .u..ludd.u d  u uurud .,u.l.r,uu,u,uu, ,ud. ld,.r u,.ld.d u  du..ur d. .lr dl ,,r l.ddurl,.  d,.d r,d. uuud,dl,,r. dl.r ,,l,d,ru,, dl,ur ,.  u d,du , l,url, ,u, r .,l,drd.,dd,udddd,du,ulru d...,.duu.l,urld d.rldru,l u. .., .,..u ur,.u  .l .  .,rl  du,d ,u,  ,,uur  lrldduuudrddd.,.l d. u . ruud.ud.d,uu,  d .,ul,.dd,dd,r,.,,uuudu.dd.l,d,rul d ,u,.uddr.  .,ldrlu r u.u,ul rdu u ,.l r,lruu.,.l urlr..l.r .l. .udr,dlr, lu, .url r u u..dlrd,,,ld.,r,,.lrlud r..  ludu u .ur,ldrd,.l,,u d.. ..,d ddr,lr ,ddd.uu,,u,,.,.,,du.l,u, .udr , ud.l.r,ld.rlr du.,d..l dru du,u l.d,,. du..r..l.r,, uu, .l,uur,.d.,ddl.ruuud ul . rld, .duud. ur  l,.d ,,u ,dudd.. .uuuu  ddu.d rud .,d ..u,,d,d lr  ul.  ,, .,u.r,,lu.,,udd..,  d. rl.udu,d.r,.u,.lur.dud,du. .uld.rdlud.dud ud  .uu d.u  .rd, u.u, , .dd.d..lr. . ,ld dd .r, ..l...r ,lrd.d du,ud d,,d ,,u.l, ..,,d.,u..ruul r,,du,dd  ,d  ..,du.dldd,u..,r   .du,,d,u..d,u.u  lu,ud.ur..u.  d.d,.u lr.  l,d ,..duru u.u..d, ,dl. ,r.d ,u u . uulr. u.  duu u,dd.ld.uruud, .,.dl.rldru ,l,uud. .u.r,..d .ld., . dd,dru lrlrdlu ....u.u ud, rd .,ud.ul du,duu, .rlr, .,duu dd,u,uu., d,.  u,lud.rul . ,r.lrd,d.l,d.r,d,.,.uu,l. u uu,.r.ldd,,  r .d.ul u,. d,.r  dl.drdldd,.d.udud,. d  ,r..d. ,,u.l uru ,  dl r,l  u. ,,r udud,l  .uu .uu .ddrdl d,r   ,d,.,..dd,d,ld,.u,. .d.du.ruldd.,dr,  d,l ,dr.l. ..d,d.d,,.. .dr,,u,,u .l, d. ud .,  .d.r.,. .,uuuu lr u..,l.,,u.duudu.  u, d drd,lu  u u .,dr,u ,, .,l,,ru,dludu rldru, lu,..u. rududd.ld ruld ,,dr ld,rd. ,u .,u , ,l , , dur ,.d.dld .  ,,u, ,,,.drd.d ,l ...dr .. dud  uduuul.r.  dlr .dulr ,d.u, lu,.,ruu.l,..u.ddr,u,ld ud..ruld u. d.d.. ,,u uu .d u.dr ul.   .,uu..du ,,u duuruld.dud,drl ur..d.. d l,uu r,dd,u..lrlr,d ,l,uddu,.ur dulddu..druu.,  dl,,d..d ,r l.rl. dur,.u. lu..,rudd  ld, u,dd.du  ud,,rddu  udd,dul u. rd  .u,,. ,d, ,,l.udu.r..luddud d rlu uu ..dr..ul rd,l .r.ul.r, u,.u.d.u, , .u. ,..,ddulrd.duuud.  u.   d.ldr,l.u.u..u u.rl.r.dl,du....u..ur.l ,d,,.uu..dd,ruudl.d, u uuu,d.,r.lru,. l,udur d.l,dd...du ,d u,rd .d.l dr,.lru.u. d,,l,r.dulruld, .d .rl,,.,,.,r.uu,.duuu.,l, d,u.,,,,ddu.u,,, u.dduuu,d., .,rd..dl,,. duuur,d.u ,..dd,ld .,..    rd..udu d ,.l,d .drul ,.u.r.duuu,dul,.u.d,d,rud ,uluu,,ud...d.urldr,l.,,..u..r,ud., u.u,dldr ., ,ud l ..uddr.,dd.l.ddrdu ,l r.,l,r dl.d ,,urud.ld,du.udu,  ud. dd .uurd. . .d,u,u,uud,l.durdlr,,d,.ld, ur.d,, duuddu,u ..ldr, luu drdd,udlu.rddd, lrld,uu.r..dld,...dr,.u, d. l,,r,.,,,u ,lu, ,,r u.u u  u .u,,l, .,udududr, ,,,.d..ld  dddrl,d  ,.ur.ddd,,ul  ddrluu,.u .r. duuud..u d.uuuudl . . .ud ddu,ud,,ud..rlrl,,r,du,d l.,urd.,l,. d.dd u.., du,,.d r. ,,d.,u u d .lu ,d d,rdu.du, l,u.d.d.. . urd.l, duru.du. ..u d,ddd, d.  ,,lud.drlr..ddu,d d ,ulddu r,.,l..,r  uul..r,uud,uudl.,ru.,.,,l.u, .ru. d.l . .d.du . .,  .du  d .u, dd,,.d.,.duu u..  .rldurudu.dldu., d....d. , .,dd.du,ruul,,.r ,.d,.d  d.l r.l  ,  ,ur u. u,uuddu,,,.d.u,d,. ,d,.,lrl.,rdd l.,d,uurl.rlr,, lu.rd,lr u.dl.,,.d,, dd,,rd  . l r l ud, ,ud,r,.,,    u,dddd,,d.dulr l..r u.du,.,.,  .l . udu.drdu,d.l.r.,,.d,ul,ddd ,ud.rl   r . dd,d,ld rdud,d .dl,..,..u.rl. d ,r..d .l..u..uu .dur,.l.rldr.,,l.,  udrldrl,u r u.d u.u.,..dul .dd. rd.,,lu,, ur d...dl,,.dddr ld d.r,dudluud  , uuu.d,,,,u,du du,rd,luuddd rudlu,rl.ru.. d,.ldrduu u  ,..d.. . ,ul.,d.,dru.lr,ul.d  d,d.d ,r,,dd,ld ,.  u, r ,,,  lu  ,dur ,,d.dd, u dl  ru.. u l .ud,, ,, d.r ,u,, ,l..d. d uu.d u..udd.d., u r u.lr ldrlu.rlur.   l. ,,dru..... , ld .d,dd rul,u , uu rld, r dddu dddl  . ,r.dlur.dd,uud. ,ddul,.,,.dd d ,.urul.u,drd l.rd,d.l d   dur,.ul,. .d.u. .,d,dd r,.uu.l ,duud.durld,,ru.l d, u ,,uddur  .,u ud.lrul....uur.l,d,dd u dr .d ..dlr, d ,ul, r.d.. .dudd,d ,udlur.. uud,,l ,  .r dlu,r,..,u d d u.,l.ru,du,l,uurdu,dlru,du,,lu.rdd.,ld ,.,udr. ,du,,  ,.lr.l.u uru,u.ud,l .d .d.rl.u,. .,..ur,dd dl. u.,udduud r,..luu,,,d  ,ur l. ..rlr.u, dluurl, ,u ,,.. ,.r.l, r   ,,...uuu.l.  rl ruuuulruldudrudlduddudruduuluudurlrldruuuduldruluudurduludrduuluruludrudduluudrldruudldrlrdluuddruldrldrlrddlrduldrlrddulrlurduluuuurdudddluuuuuduruulruuldrdudlurdduudulurduulrluddruuuudlduududrdulddddurulrudulduuduurdlduurulruldddruduluurduddlruuuldduurulddurddlurldddruddduduudududdludruluruluudrdldrdududldrudluuuurlurldruduldrududuuluuurlddrdduuddddlduudrduuulududruuuuldduudruuuudduuluddruddludurlruuldudududurudduudlurdldrduudlrulududrlduddrddddlddudrdldurluduurdlddrlruddlrdlrldrlurudddluuurluduurduddudluurudlddurduudddddlruldrdluddrdldduuuududrlrulddruudldudrlddurludduuurdudldrdlruuuuuluuuruldudrluduuudrdldrduddddulrdlruldrlddudrdluruudddulddddduudurldddrlrulurlurulduudruldrlrududludrdldurudludurldddrlruuduuuulruuludrldududdrldurludrdlruluurduddluddrlruldruuuulddurlrlddudurdlrldududduudrluruuuduluurlruuuududuluudrlduduruldudrlruulddrddldrluddduudrldddudurldruulddudrddduududdulududurldurudddldrldddrluudurlduddudrulrulurduddlurdduududdlrldududdruduludududrdlddurluddurlddrduldrlrdluudrlddurduddluruddlruuuuldurulduuuddrddddluddurlduuddrlurdlrluurulduddrlruudulddrlurlurldrduuddldrududulrlurlrldurulruduudldddrduudludrdlrdluuudrdluurldddurduuuudlrlrulrddlruuudldurlrduuldruuudulrddlddurluddddudduududuurududuluddddduudrdudulddrddlurlurduldduurdludruuuldrddlrduudlrluruudlruduuuuluuddurlduddruddldududrlruddluududrldddrdluduudurdlrldurldruududuudldduruluddruuduuuldudrlduuduududuudrludrdulddrdudluurlurddluurlddrdldddurdudldduurdldrlruulrduuluuddurduduldrdluurlduududruddluddurddlduuurldrduldududurlrdlruuddlrlrlurudulrdlurlrluurldudrldrulrdudlruulurddludrldudrlruludrdlrdddlurlrldudddrudldddruuudldurudduulrdudddudulrdlruuddludddddudrlddurdddlrlurldudurlduruduuuuuulruuduuududududuuuulddruuddduldurluddurlrulurluurdldddudrddlrlruddudulrdldrduuddulrudldrlududduudrdudddlrddlrdlduddrdlrudulduduruduuddlruddlddudrdddlrduuudduldudrddududlrldrlrdldrlrulurudlrdlduurdududdlrudduddlruduuldddrdldurdlrlududududduuurlduuruulrldddruddudluuddududuuduudrulruudulduuudrdludruuuldruuuuddlruduuluddddudrdlduddruuuluruluuruuddudlrdlddrlrlrddluudurlduddurludrdddlrldurlrdldrlrdluruddlruduulruuulruluduurluudruulruduulurdluurudududuldrluuduuruudluuruddulddrldrdduddddduludrlruldrdlduddrldrddlududdduduruduldrulrdluuduudddurdlddurluuuudrdduudddluurlduurudlduuddurlrduuddludrlduruuldduurdlrlduuruulrlrdlurdulrddlurlrulrdlduuuurlddduruuddldrluudurddldurlrdduulududdrluuurldrlrldurdduuduuluuduuuudduuurluududdurudduluuurldddurddluuuuudrdlruluurdulurldrluuurdlrduldrlddrdlruuddlrlrulruudddlruduulddudruldrulrluuddrdudddduuuluddrlrdldudrdudulurluuruuuudulrdduldddrdududuuudldrdldrluruuluduuuddududuuudrdlddduuuurldrduldrulrlrdluuudruuuuddlurduulruudddlrdldurlrlurldddurddlruuudulrlrdulrldrlurduddudlurlrduudlruuulrluuruuuuuludduddduuduuuruuluuuduurdulduuurduuluuudurdldddrdlruudlddruduulrlrduuluruduluddududrldurlurlrlduurddluuudruddddudddduddudduuuuluuudrdlddrulduurlrdlrlrdluddddrulddduduurudddludrdluruduudlruldrldddrdluruludruluduruluuuuruuudduuuuuudlududuudduududdrddludrulruulrdulurdulrdudduuduulurddluurlddrudduldrluuuuuduruluudduduurlddrldrldduddrldddddrlddrdududdlduurdulrldddrudlrduldududdurluddruudlruduuuluuudddrududlrdudlduduurddlrlrudlruluddrulrddududlurddddluudddduddduurldudruulduduudduudddrdlddudduuuuddddrdulrlduuduudududuuuuudrldurulddurudddlrlruldddrulrlududrdudduluduudrldrldduuddrlrldrlrulurulurddduudlrdlurdludurulrdldududrlrdulddruuududdduldruulrlrlrldddrldudurdluudurduddududuluduuuduududduurlddurlrudldruulruulduddruluddudrdduulrlrldurduulrudluuuurdlududrdudlduudurdudulurlruddduluddrdlrdlrddlududrdduduuudluduuuudrlddruuuuuldrdudluuuddduddurldurlruuduuuudddlrdudldddddrudlrlurldduuuuduuurluuurldrlurlrdlddudddddrlrduuduuludrudluuddudrduulddduruulurlruuddluduuuuddruuldrddlrulrduudulrlddrdludduurdulddrdddududlrulurldrlududuurldruuduulddrlrdlruuuudddlrdlrdddluddduuudrlrldrududdulrdulurldrddduudulududurudddluruuddddduuddlrdudlrdduulrudlurldrlduruudldddrdulurdldrduuludrlruulrdddlruddldduurdulrddlrluuuuurddudlduddrludddddurlrlruluuurlrdddudlrldrluurdddduluudruddulrlurldrldrudlruulrldurdlrulrlrldrulurdulrludduuddduuudurudduulrulddduudruuldrlrlduuuruuluduudrluuuruuddudlddrlrdlruuuluuuduudrldduurldrluruldrduluuuuuruudlrddlurudddulurluruudulrulduurlududdrdlrdudddlruuulrlrluududrlruududdludrdulrdluudurldduuuuurlddddrddduudlruulruulrdulruuulrduldddruldduuurduddlduudurlrlddduruddlrldrduduuududdulrduddlrddduuuuudlrdldrdlrulrdlurlrulrldrulrlurdlurdldruulurldrluddrdudulrlrlruuulrluddrdudldurdldurdlrlurdduuduuuuduulddrlrududlurluuuurldrlurluudduurlrdlrluudruddlddrludrduduuduluddddurdulurdluurdlrlrdluuudrlduuurulrlrlrulddrdduuldrduddlrdluduuddurulurdududdlurluuurulududddruddudddduudddudldrudldrdludrudlrddulruuuddluruldudrulduduuurldrluurlddududduruudldrddldddrdddlrlddrldruuuddduluruldurludrduldudrlruuduldduuuduuurlruududduduuuuudlrluuuududrulddrddlrdlrudduluddrududlurdlrlrlddddrdldddduddduudrddulrdduluruluddrdlurduulurlrlududdrlrdudlruuldruduududlurldrudulrdlruuddlrddlduddrlrlruulduudduurddlrdudlddduurudlurlrduduuulduuduuuddudduuuruuudldrludddddurluddrlrdlrlurulrdulrluurddduldurdddldrdduduuuldrudulrluuurulduddduuuuduurlruuuuddlrlurludruuduuuluudrludrulddurldrlurudldrluuddrduldddurduuuduuudddlruluurlruddddluduurldudrulrdlrulrdldduduuruddlrddduluruddlrlrulruulrldrlddurlrluruluduudrudduddlduuuruddluddrddduddluuddruuuludrdddddddluuuudurlududdddurldduurlrluddddrdudldduuudrdluduudruddlrudlrulurdludrldrlrddlduuddrdulrudlrulrdlrlurludurlurlurulurlduuruldudddrdlrlrudlurduuddluuuduurduduuddludrlduurldudduuddrlruudlduurldrdldduddrluuudduuddrdddudulrduuuluddurddudldurldddruuuldudrduluuddrudddlurlrldduurulruduluurulrdldurdlddurlrulddrudluurdlrdlruuuduulurdluurlrulurddddulrdduuluuudddduduuruluuuuddrlddduddrduuuuduldduuuurlurdduddldrlurdludruuudlurlrlrluddrluruuddldddrdldruduuldrddlddrdluddurudldruulrududlrlrdlrlurlrudddddlrudduuuddlrudlrduldurduuuldrldurdldruudlududdruddlurluuddurldrulrluududuuuurdddulrddudldrddlduduurldurlurulrduudluuudrudluurdulrduldrudlrduuuldurddlruulurudddlddurlduruduludurulurduuluuduudrlruudluurlrlurduuddudlurddududddlddrluduruudldruuuudlrldduduurdduuudldddurudlududuurlruuudldurdlduuddrldurlrulddurulrddddduuuldduruuddldrddludrdlrlruuduuuuudlrdddldduuuruddddddudluddddrludurudldrlrdduduluddurddduuudluududuruuudldrdlruldddruludduuurulrdulrduludurlududrddlrdddlrdlrlruuuudldduddddrudduluddrdulurdulurlurddlurddulruuddlddurdlurlrudlrududlrduuudddlurlddrldudrdduulrduuldrdulrlurdldduudddrluuudurulrldrddluurulruddudlduurdudldrlrulurduldrudlrdlrlruldddrdudulrdddlruldruddlrdlrulrulddddruuuldrlrulurdulrluduuddddurudlrulrlurdudlrudddudlduurdlddduudrlrdldruldurdlrldduddduddduududuududuudruulrludddrudluurlrduduudlruludrddudluuddudrludddrlrddduulududurdlddrdulrudlddddrldddddduuudduuurluududdduurluurdulrudlruduuluuuurduldurlrduldrluduudrdduldrddlruudlurddddluruduldrlrludurlrldduruldrlrudulurdluuuruulrduuuduulrldurldrlrdddluruuluruulurdudlududuuuurdulurudduuluurludrlrldrludurlrluddrluddurlduruddulrldrudlurduulruluduuurdddluudrlruuuuuudduddulruluduuurlddrddddldrdludduuddruldddduuudrdlrddluudruuuulrdluddruduuulruuudulruuddldrulrluuruduudludrdlududrudlrlrdlddrddlurudlduuuuudrdddldrddddlrulduuuuuurduudduludduruluurluurududlrluddudrldduddduurduuudlrlrlruduudduudddldurulrududluuurlududrulurudduldurdddulrdldurdlrdluddrddulruludduuuuudrdddulurluudurludrulrdudduudldudrulurdludududrdldurlrluuuurlrlrlruldudduuuuddrluudruuldrdduuldrlurlurddlrulddduurulrulruudlrlduddrluuuuddddrdddudulurlddrulduurddulrlruluuurduldrdduduuluuuuurddlrdduldduduurdddulrddulruulduuddduruulrdluuuurddlrulrldrluududduuurludrldrulurdlruudlddrldddruudlrulrddldruuuldurlddudurlruuluurlrdulddduududrdddldrlrlddudurulrddudddddduldrlurdddudlrdddluuudrduulddrdldrduulrludrddlddrldrddlrdddluuurdulurlurluurlurduuduuulurluudrludruuduuddlrldrulrlduruddulduruudlruuududddddlrlddurddlduruduuddulrduuulrldruddlrdlrduuuduluruldduurldrdudduddddldrldudrlrulddudrddldurdudduuudlddddrduuldddrulddruulurulrluddruduudlurddldurdududdddldurlruuduulurdddlruududuulrulruudulruuuluuuduurlduuuudrudludrdduuldddruulrddldrudlrddududulrlrdlurlrdlddruludrlrlduurlrduulrdduldrudddududuuldurlduurlddrulddrdldrduluuddddudrdldrdddlurluudrdduuuuuluuuddrlrddlrluuuuuddrdludddddddrdldrldudrlrlurulduurddluurlrlrududulddrdlurudlddrudlurduuuldrdduddlddudruddluddrdddlrdlrdludrlurdduuldrlrdddludrdlduddrlddruuuluurdlrluurldrlurduuuuuldrlrdlrdddlurdudluudduurddlrlrduulurlurudlddrlrlddddudrulurddldduddruldruddlduuuuuurlrlrluudrdduddlrduuldrlrudldruldddurdulrlrduuddlrdldrlurudduldrdluurulurddudldduurulrudldurulrlurulurlddudrlurlddrudlrludrulrlurlrluurulrdduduldrdduuluruduuulruuddduduludrddlurdulrlrddududlrldrdldddruuuddluruludrluruluurlurlruuddluddduuududududduududurlrdluddddddurduldduuuudrdduudlddddurudlrlduruddluuurludrlruulduurluuddruulurudlurludrldrlrlrlrdldddurulduduurdddluuurlrlruduuulurlrlrulurlddrduduulrduddulrldddrdududlrudlrdldrdlrdulduruldrdduddudluuurlruduldurduuldrlrlduuuruudddluruldudrlruluduurludrudduuddududulududrulrdlrdluuddduuuurulddurdlrlruluduuuddrdddulrdluuurlrulurududuudluuuruulurldudduddddruuluurludurlrldurlurudldruudldduudrdlddudurudlrdduulruuuuulurdlduuddduuuurulududrluudddruuduudddlrulrldrlrdldruldudruludrdlrdlrlduududuuudurlrdluudrdddduuuddddluuudurlrlrlurdldrudulrdulrduudldrddduudluuuuuududdurdddldrldddrulrlrluuuuuuurluuuuuuudrluudrdldurduudlddrdlddddudduudrlrlrulurldduurulrluuurluuurdddlrdlddrluruludurldruduldudrddududlddurduulrddluuruludduddudruluruddduudduluurududdududlrdlrddddluuuudrudduldurdlurlrlddrddlrddlruuuddlddrdlddduurdduudluddduurlurlududrlurluduuuruddldrluurlurdldrludruudluudruuulrulurluuddrdluddrulrldrluurluurluudrddulrulruuuuluurudddddlruluurluddrulrdludrluduurlrlrlruddluruudluurudlurluudrudddududuudlurlruluurlrlruuddduulurlrdduldrdldurudlddrddudulrduuuduuuulrddldurlrduudlduddurudlddududrlrluuudrddudduuuudlruulddruludruuluududdrldduddrduuludduddruduuduulrudlduddrddldrduluudurduldruluudrdddlrdddlurlrluurluuurlrluuududrdddlrdluruuudlurulddurlrudlrulrddddulurduuddulrulrldddrulddudrlrudduuuddduuuuludrldrudlrldrddluddddurlrdlrulruldrdduddlrddudlrddlrduldurdddluuuuuudududdruluddrdduudldrulddrdlurduulduurulurlurlruluurlrdlrldruududddulurldudurluduuuruuddduddduuldruuuuuuuldduuurlrldurlrddldrdlurdlduudrludrlruludruuldruddulruulrdluudruuudluurlurlrulruulurudduududulddruuldduddrddduuuldurddddduuuduuldudruddddlurlduurdldrulddduudruuluddduuuuudurluuurdddduduuulddrlduddrlddrudddlrduddudulruddldrdluurdlrduudlrdlruldrudldrdddluddduduuurlududuuudddduurddlrdulduuurdlrlrldrdluurldurdlrdduulrlrldrddudulrdulurdulddudurdlduuduurdduuuluuudrlurddlrudluuruduuldrldrdlurlrdluruddlurulduduruuldrduuudddulddurdudluuuudddrldduurddddlrddlrddulrduuuuddldddrulrldrdludruddduudulddduurulruuduuduuuudddudluurddldurddddddududulruluurlurldruuddulurlruuuldddrlrlrldduddrldudurluduuuurluddrdlurddudlruldrddulurddudlrlurdudlrddlrluruuuulurldrdlrldrlruuldrdldudddduudrlrdududlrldurdluddddrlrlddurldddrdddduuulrudluruludruluddrlrdddldudduudrlrudulddurulrlruuldurludrdldrddddlrlrluuurluduruududduudulrlrudlruuddddlrdududlrduluruuuddldrdlduuurluuduruddlruluurldddrldrduduulrlrdludrlrududlrdduulruuldruuudduluduurduuddlrlrulrddludrluudrdduudluddrdddduudldudruduldddduuudruldurldrddduduuuuldrudlurduduudlrlrdduuuudldrulurduuuluruldrlrduudluudrddlddduurludrudldruudlruluudrdldurlruuuulurdlrldrdulruluudrldruudddluuududrdulurddldududrldrdldrdldrlruuddduudulrluuudrdluuuuddrlrlduddurdlddrdduulurlurudulurluuduruuuddlrudluurluddduuuuuddurldrddldrduuluuurldurludduddddrlrduduulruddludrulrddlduuuuuudddrududdddludrudulrluurlrudulrdddddldudddrudluudrluuuurudulrlruluuurduuudludduurluurludrulrluurlrdluuurulddruluduurduuuuldurdldurlrdlrduuuulrlduuurdddlurldruluurlurluudrlurldrlrddlurluruuuuulurdudduddlrduuldudrudluruuuddldruududdulurudldrulduurludrduuuuldruuuddddlrlurduudluuuurldrluduruddddduulddrudldrdldudrudduuuuuulrlurdduduulurduulddrulrdddlddrddlrlrddddlrlruuluruudluurulrdlddurludrdddulruudulurlrdddldrulduduuuddddurulddrlrdudldrdddddddddduuudlrluuududuruuulruudulurdludurulrulrduddulrlruludduurudlddrldddrudlurluruuluduurdldrdduludurdduuluurduudlrddludrdlrulduuddrlddruuuddduludrdlrdlddurdlrulddurddudlurduuldudrlrudlddruuludurlrdlrdlduudrldrddlduuduuudruddludrdulrdlrlrlruludruuudulrlrddulddduruluduudurluududdrddlduurdluruluurlddduuddruudulurlduudrlruuldddudrldruddulduudrdluduruldrudldddrlduudrlurlruddlrdudldduduuddruldrlrldddrdduuuuduuulrlrlrlruduuuuddlurlduruuluurudduudulruuldruudlddrlrluduuddrdduddulrddudulrlruuluduudurduuulddudddruduuuuuldrulrudldddurldruduuluruduuluurulrdddddluduurldudrldurlddrlrluruddlduddurdlddudrlrdududlruulddrlduruuldrluuddudrddldrdluurluurlddduurlurulruudluruulddurlrulddrduluuuurddudulrdlrluuuuudrudlddddurldurlddrduudluddddruuuuulurdududuldruduldrdludrluduuduruuulrlddduddruuulduurluddurulrulddurlrlrlurlrduludruulrdddulurldrdlrulruldduurluudrldrlduuddduudurldrldrdlddddrudddduludrdldrduuddlrlrddlrdluddduuduudurluuududrduulrldruuulddudduurlrdlrduduluuuuduuddrdldrdluudrddduulruldrldududduddurdddudldrddldrulurlrduldrluuurlrdlrldrldurlddddudrldrlrdldurlrlurddduldrudddlurdlddurddludrlduddruluruudldrdduuddduuldudruulddduduurudlrldrudlurdulduuruldudddrdldurddlddrulrdulrlruldruldudruudlrludddrddlurddudlruuluruludrddlruluurlrlrudlrduldrddluuruldurududlruddddddlrdduluurudlruuulddurudluurlrlrulduuurdlruuldrludurlddduuudduurddudddlrduudulurudulrdudluuudrldruldrddduuluddruuludurddduudulrdluruuldrluuuurulrlurluuduudruuuduuuuudduuldrdduddluruluduuurlrudldruulrlurldrudlrlurluddrdlrldddddduuudurduudlruuuudlddurlduurdlrulrduldudrldrudddduddduuulurluuduurduududlruldudurudulduruuddduddddlddddurdulurluruulurdudldrudluruluuruldduuuuuuuudddrlruddlrlduuurluuruldudrlrulurdlrulddrduudludruudldurulrdludddrlruluuuudrudddlrludruludddrdlrlrdudldurluuurulrudlurdulruududuudlrlurulrdduludruudulurudluudrulruuludrdddluudruuduudlrdlrduldddrduldurduuuuluruldddddduurlrdudlurluuurlruulrddluurluuruuulurlurddduulrduduludurudlruludddudrldrlrdluuurudlrdudluddruuudlrludududddrlrlrdludurlrluddurldrlurdldrldrdluuddrdduuluduuurlduuuuduurduddlddddrldurdddluuruuuldrduduudluuuurdudluruuluduuurlrdddldurulddduuurulruldurdlrlurlrlurulrlrdlduuurdudludddurdldddruuuuuduuuuldurlrddluuuruuldrulddddrlruluduruddluduudrdulruddddldrldruluurldddudrduulrulrluruluurlrluuruuduuduldruduuuddldrddududuuuduuddldduddddrluuurulrdldurlruluuurdddduuldurlrlrdldduddudddurlduruudlrdlurudududlddduuuudurdluddrduluurduudlruuuuddduuulduddduurduuuuluudrddlruulrudlrddlrulruuldddrdudlruulurluruududldrdlrluddrlruudlrulrdudluuurdldruluddrudududuldudruuuuuulurulududdrlddurdluurlrduuuddulddurdluruduuulruulrlduruduluudruuluudruulruddluuudrdudduududddduldrlurudduduudddduddudulurdduulrlrduulduuudduuruldruludrdduududulruluddududddrludrddlrldudurlrlddruduuuuduuuluurdduludrdlurudluduurdlrlrlrdduuddlurlrdlrludrlduddduudrulrludrlduddddudrduulurdlurluddudruldrludurdlrlrlddrdldudddudrududddlrlrluudrldudrduluuuuuuddudurddlruuluududddrduuluuuruduuulrudlruuuulrudluuruddluudrddluurulrddlrdduulrddldduuuuuuudruduuuluduurlrduuudlrulrlrulddrddluuruludruuuulruulruddludrddldududdudddddrldudrdlrlrludrdlddrdludurdluduuruddlddudrddluuuddudruluududdduddrdududlrlduuuurlddrududuulrlddduduurluudurlrddudulddrlrldudrlurdlrlddrddulddrldrldduurduuuddluudrdldduudruluddrludrdluuudruuuduulrlrluuuududdruuuluduruudluduuududurudlddudrddlurlrldddrduuuddlrdduldudrduulrdduudulruuudldruudludrduuddulrudduulurudluudrdduddulurlduddrudlrdludrlruudlruudddulruddududldduddruuldrlruddldudurdddluudrldruluddddddrddduduuudduuldrlrddulurdldrulrulrlrlduurlrlrluudruudlrludrldurdlrduuldurduuludddddduruuldrluurddulddrdudulruulrduuldrdluddddruulududrulddddruldruddduulrldruuulurddudddluuuuudrlruuduldrluuuduurdduulurldudrldurluurlduurddddldrluurluuduuudurdldrdulrdddlruluurudlududduudurlrlruldudruduuldrdlrldddurudldduudrlrduudlrdluuuduuruuldurldurdlrdlurluurudddldrlduurdluddurdduuldduurduldrulruuddlurlrduuulrduuuuddldrdldurdlurdlrldrdluruuulurdlurduuduuddudldrlruudulddudrdddluuudurudldrudduduuudlruduldrldrududududuluuddduudddrddduuulurlruldrludduurdulurlrludrdlddruluurduduludududrdduddlrlduuudrlurduduudulddrudlurdduddduuluuduuurlddurldrduluurlurludddrlddrudlurdlrudlddduruldudrdduulddrulrduduluuruulruldrlruulrluudurddduddddlddurlrlduurldrludrddduuldrlddduduuuruuduuuldrulduddddddurlrulruulrdudldrldddurududlurudddlddrluudrdulddudrlrudldrudduudluruduuduuduuulrdulduurlduuduudrduuluudddrdlruulrduluuruuduudddldrlrudulddrlduurldduuddruldduuurulrldrdududlddurlrdluuudduddurlrddududddddluuddrlruldurlrldduuurdldudrluuudurudulrdulrludduuuudrududluuduudruddlduddrldruuuddlurdluudddurludurdlrdlrduuddulrlrddulrlrduluuddddruuldrdulrudddudludduuuudrlduruuulurlruuulududdddrdluudduuuurdlurduulurulududddrldrdudulduuudduurldddrlrulurldruldrulrduuulurddlduddurdlrduluddududuurldddrldddrdldrududlddddruulduurlurludduuuududrlddurdlurulrudddddlrduuuuldurdldududrlrldddruuldrdudduuuddudldrlurulrduuudldrldrulddudrlduruuuuluududruuudlrududldrdluruldduuuddrulddudrddddldrddlrdluurudlrudlududuudduddudrlrludrlddrluddudrdlrdlddrddduuulrddudlrdulddrlruldurdldruludrdlrulrdldrulurduuldudduurldduruddludrdldddudrlrddlduudrlrluruuduulurlrlurdduldurdlurudddlrlrdlrlrlrduuldrdlrlrdulrduludddurdlrldrdldurduluddruldurduduuuluddrdldrlurdlddduuurdlrlurdlrulrluuudduuurdulruuududdlrlurdluurldddrdlurdudlrdluurldrddldduuudruldruuddudluddruuddudldrdldurluuudduduuddrldduuuurdudlddrududlurdddludrdldrdlruuludurluddrduudddulduuduruduludddduuddruuuldrduuldrduluddddrdududldruuluudrdulrdlrduudlruuuldrdlrulrlurdudlddrlrldudrududdduudludurldruludurududlurldduddudrduudludrdduuddlrddlduuudrluddrlurldruududdulurlduruudduluddrulrdlddrddulrlrdddluudruulududdudddrduluduudruddddlddrddlddrddulruluuuuddrudludrlurldrdudulrldddrdlddudruldrudududuulddurldduduuddduruuuldruuldrududlduuuruuuuulurldudurduuduluuuddurlruuddudluduurlrluuurluuuuruldurldrduudlrdduuulurdlruduulrduudddulrddududududududludurldrduluudrlddrulduududdddrlurdlududdrulurludurudulruudulrldrdulduuduurdlurlurddludruduudduudluudddrddddddduuuuldudurddlrulrulddrulududrldurlrdluuduuddurlurdldrlruludurdddulurlrluddrluruulddduuuduurldruldrudlduurduluurduudlrddlrlududdrulrudulrlrlruulruduuldrldurduuldrludrluddrduduluuuduuuruulurddduudlrlddrduuudlrudlrddulurulrdlrududlruludurdulddrlrldrdlududurdulrdlrduddlrdulddrudlruulurudlrdluurdduuddduuddlddudurluruluuuduuddudrdluduuududruuuuudlurdldudrdlurddlruluuuurludruluduurudlurduldrduuddduddudddludduruuddluuudrudduludrudduddluuurulurulrulduduuddurudddldrlddduruduludruudddluuurldrddlddrduuldruudlurdduudldrduuudddlrlurdldruddddlrluurdddlruuuuduuluurdlrlrdulurdddudduuudldddurulrdlrulduuddruuddluuuddrlddrlrulddrdduulddrdlurlrulrldrduudldruldrlrddlrlrdluuuuurdlruudluruldrdddduuduulddrlurudluddurdldudurdududddudlurdduulrduulruuulrudldrddldudrdlrudluuuuddduuduuddrdddlrddduudulruluuudurlrlurldrduluuddduruluruduulududdduurlrluurluudurlruluuddudruluddddrddudduulrulrdddlrlurdlurlruddduduududludruldruduuluuudddrdluurduuuluurludrudududdlruldurluuuurldrduudludddduuudddrduldrdddlurdldrulduuddrlurlurlrlrlrdudlddruudlrduulrdulrulduuuduurudluuuuuuduruludurulurduulddrlddddrldrldurddlruldrldruuduuddlruddudduldduurulrddddluruuluddudrduluurlrlrdldruuududulrulrudddluddddudruduuldurldrdudlrddludrlrluuudrulrdddldrdlurdlrudduldduudruudlrdlrldurlrulududduuurulddrulruuluurduldddrldrdldrddduudlrlrudulrduddldduudruluuurduudulddduddrdldrldrlrdldrldudduurlruddldrdddddulrdddlrlurdddldduduuuududurduuddulrlrlurdldddddrldurldddrdduduldrduulurluddurludurlduurdlrdlurlrldrudlrludrludduurldrlruuuulududrduulrldurdldududdrudduudududluduuurulrlruluddudurdldduruluuuuruluddrdlrudluruduulrlrldrdudddlrulrlurlurdlududruldruluudrldrddluuuuruuduluurulurluuddrudulrldduddudrulrdluuurldurulrdlrulrlrluduuuddddrlddrdduulruuulddrdulrdulduududrdlduddudrulrddlddrldrlruluurlduurluuuurldurulruuudldurdlddrlddrlruldduruldrdluuruuulrldurddludddruulurduddududulurdluudrulddrulrlrlurlddrulruduuuuuuldurddluurlduudrlrudddludduruuduudlrdluuuuddurldududrldudddurldudrduddddlrdlddududduduuuduudduruulrlduuuurlurdddlduddruuuduulurlddudddrlurdlrudlrdluurddduuulurlurulurdduudddldrldrddudlrdduldrldruduldrduddduddddduduuduluuddrddluddduuudurlrlurluudrdddddldurldddurluudruudddldudrdudddluuuudurlrdddduudulduruldruudlrulruludddudurldrdudldrulrlrdulruldrlruldrlrdlrlduuudrlrulduurludrudlrududdludduudddrdlurlrddulduuruldurulrddldrduddlrdudlurulurluudrludrduuludrulrddlddddrddudldddurdluuddruuuuuulrdudddlrudldudduuruldrldudurddududlduuudrduulduduurulrluudruulduruuludddrudlrluuduuuuurluudduduuudududuurulrludrdudduludurlddrdluudrlrudlurlddrldrlrluudrlddduruuuldduudrddddduldrduuuuuduuldrdlddudududrdudluuurdddlruldddddduurlrlurdlurlrldudrluruduuulurddduduudduludrulduurduudldrlruuuuuldurdldurudluuuurddududuudddldrdluuudurulrdddluruuuuldudruudlurluuddurulrdudldrdduuuludrddulrlrdldrlruduuuuuuldrlruduuddlrlddrldrlrlruulruuuulrluurulurlrlrdlrdludurudddldddudurduluddudrdddduulrlurddudlrudlududuuuuudrdddluduuddrludruddlruuuduuldudrdludduruudlrludrulrulrdlrdldruldrlduudrddddddlddduduuudrldurldurddlruulrluudddddurddluuuudurulrudulurlrluruluuduuududdurlddurddudlduuudrddddldudruldudddduuruluuruulddrdulrdlddrulrlruuudduldrlruldrddluurddudluuudrluuduudrlrlrlrlddrdudddlruulrudldrludddrludruuuluurluuduudruuuulrulduudrdlurdlrudludddruulrldduuuuuuruuldduruuluurlddrlruldrldduruduuddldrdulrludrluruuduldduudrldrdulrldrlrdlddduuduuuduurddddlrulrlrudulrlrdduuddldruddluurluurdudlurluuudrdlurulrluddudrlrldduuuudrduddduuuudlduddrddudlruulruuudddlurldruuddulurulurudduuluuuuuddurduduuuulddduuurldrlddudurluurulddrdddluduuurdduuldrdludduudrluuuddrdddlrdlrudulddrlruulrddudldrldduududurdduludruddddududududuuulruduuudluududurlududruuddluduudrlrluuurldrdlruuddlduuurluuuuuduuruddlrlrluuddduddurudddddududuudddlurulduudrdlruludrdduluruduudlrudludruuduuuddldrlddudrldruulrddlrlddudduddddduudduududuuuudruuulrddluurudddlrduldudrldduddrlurlrdudlrlurduldruduulrduluuudurldrududlurlduruuldudrdlrulrduludrlduudrddudldurldurdduuldrldduruduudlududuurduuddduuludruuluurduuudlddruldrluuruulududuuudurdlurlrluuuddurddudlrduulurluuuurduuduudluuuddrlduurldurduduldduuuurddulurdluuurulrlrluruduudlruluruuudluududrlurdulrdldduuuuuurldrlrluddddrlrlduurluurduuduluuuuddruddldduuuudurudduuldrduluurulrddlrududddluuudruuudlruulrlruulddruldruulrddudduuudulurduuulurdudududdulddruduuulurluurldruulruluudruuuudddludrdlrlrdlruulduurdlrludduurldrduludurldudddrlrdduuulurlduurluuddrdddududududulrlruluruulduudrlrldduddrudduddlruulduruulrulrlruluuuudddrdlruulddrddulduuurluuurduulruddddlurudludduuuddddrlddduuudududrlruldddrdduduudddlrulduuduuuudrduulduuuurudldddruludruldrlruuddduludruluduuuuuddududdrlrduldudruulrdlrldudrludrludrddudddlurdduuduuluudduddduddddrdudduldurdduuldrudluuuruldrldrulurlrldrlrduduuuddluudrulrlududddddddduuddrlurlruluurdulddrdluurlruuuududdlduurlrlruluudurlurulrduuulduuuuuduuudruldduruuddluuruulduuurduludduddrldrdlrulruduuluddurddlrdddldrlruuddudlrlurldrududduldudruldruuulrdulurluruluuruuudududdlruludruuldurdlurlrduluududrudduluurlrdludrlrdddlrlrudludrduludurdldruuuddlrdlurlruddlddrudldduuurdlddurddlddddruduuldruduluuruuldrdlduudrdlrudulrldrluuudrdldduduududuuduuruddldrddudludduududuuddrluurluurldrudlruldrlddruuulurdduudlurdlduuurdldrduuduuuulrddudulrduluddudruluuddurudduuldrdddduldrlduruuldruudludruludrduddlrdlrludurduddluuududurududdudulrulddrldrldduuddruuuldddduduuurddlrduddudddduuluruluurldrlddurluurddlruluddduuuruuuuduududlurdduududdudluruuudlruldrldrludrulrdlrlrlruduudlruulruddddduluddddruuddluuudududddddrudluuuudrlruddlduruludurulrdldudurudludrldruddulurduuudldrudlruduulrduuulurdulrddldurlrlrulrduldurdlruulrluuudrulurududlruulrduududdulruuuuldudduuddrludurlrluruduulddrdlddduudduudduduududdrlrlddrluudrududdudddduudududlrlrldrudddludududrdlruddulrldddududrdddluddrddulurldruddlrlrulruddludrddlrluduuddruuuldduurlrudlrlddrluuuuurdlrdluuurduduuddlddruldruulrudduddduuduuuulrdlrdlduruulurdudldruuddldddrlrdlrlruuudulruluudrldudduurlduduududdrudddldudrulrdldruulduruldurlrdddluuuuurlurdulrulduruldrudduddulrdlududdrduldduuruulrluddrldurududdudluduudrdlrlddrudlddudrlduurlurdddddddduduluuuuduududurdddduddlurdudduduluruuulduurldrldduuruuuuddluuruuduuldrlurluurduddlrudlrdddulruuuuudlurdluruddludrldududddrudldrdudlrdlrlrlruddluduuddrudldruuuduluudduurudlrlrudlrldurdddduudlruuuuluudruuddlduurlddrdldruddldrduddduddulrdduuudluuududduddududududddrluuudrlruuludruluudrulududdurdluurdluurludruldudududrudludrlrddldddrdldrludruddulrdulrdududulurdddddldurududdduuuuldurlddrdluurduldududdrldrdduuudluruudlrduuddduulrdlrluruulduduurluuruldurdlddurdulruuuudddlduddddruududlrduuudldduuuddduuruuulrlududuurlrulruldddurdldrudludrlduuuuddrldddrlddrludruuuuduudlddrddluurdudlrlduruluudrdddddduuudlurdluurudlrlududrdduluudruluuudruulrluurlrddluuddruuuuddduududddulrulrddldrudldddddduruuldudduuddrluuruudulurduuludrluruuudludrluddruulddruluurlddduruuduuddddddlrlruudlurlurudlruldruldudrddluuurdddlrddudluurluudddduuurdulruuddulruuddudldddrdldduududddruldrdlrldudrlrdldrddlurdlrdddlrudlrlduuudrldrlrulrulddrudduddududuudluuurdlrddlrdduuuludddrddludurudlrddudduududdlrddudduuudddluddrlruuldduddruuulrldrdulrlurlurluruddlrdlrdddddlruuludrudddldddudrlddrdldurlurdlrldrlurulddudddudrlurldruluudrdldrldddrlrlrldduudduduuudrlududrdlrlddrduuduuluruulrludrduluudurdlrududdluduuuddddrulddudddurlrluurdddddludrulrlrdulrlrdlrduldruuduudluudurdudldddurdldduduuudrddlrdlrlurdlrlrduduuuuuulruluurddddlrdlrdduuulurlrdlrdddduudlruulrlurulrddlruddudulrlddrulrdluruddddlrludrdddluddudrddlrlrdlrluruuuudlrdlurdlddurluuurlddruldrdlrdldduruuuludrluudurdldruluudddrldrduluurluuudrlrlrdulduruldudrlrddulduruuludduurdlrldduruduuuluruuuulddruuulruulruuuddlduurddduddluuddrduddlruulruududlduududrdlurluudrluruudluurulurlurulrlrldrdlurdudluddddddrlrlrdluddrdudlddrulduruuuludrdulurdluddrduuuudlrldddduruuuddudddlduudrdlrlurdduldruuulruddlurlddrduduluuurdduudddluruulrlrduudduduuduluduruluurduluuddurlrulruluuuuuuruulurlurddddldrlduddruluuudrddldruuluurdddludrdludrududduuluruudddluuddrluduuuuruudduudldruuudlrdlrlrudldrlduudrdlurldrdududdluruddududldddddruuuduulddrldrddluuurudlurulrddlurlrulrlrlruluruuuldrludrduludrldrduulrulduddududuudrulruluruddlduudrdlrduuduulrludrduudluurlrulruldrldruddluuruududddddulruulrddduddluduuuddrddldurddulududddrluurdlruuduulrluuddrdlruluruulurddlurldududuuurdlrduludrldduuduuduruluuudddudurdlduuuuudrlrulurlrlruluudurlddurduddluurdddlduduuruulddrdulurluurduduluuuuurdlruddulruluddurlurluduudrldrldduuduurudldrluuududrdlurlurdlurddudluuuddrluuuruldrluruuudulddrduuldrddldurlrulduudududurluduuduuurddulruuudlddrdduuuuddduuddulduruulrudlrdlrluuddruududdlrlurlrduudlrlduudududrddldddruuluudrduuulduruuudlduruuulrdluduuruluuuuuurdudldruuduuudduuudlrlrldudruluuuudduduuddrlddrldduuduuduuududrlududdduddrduddldrludrldudddruludrlruludduurulddddruuuuludrudludruldududrddlududurlrulddduddrluuruuuuludruulrddddulrldruudddulrldrulrdlrddlduuduruluudduudruludrldrulrlrlrdddluuuddrdulrdddlududrludrlrdduuududduddlduruulurluuuddddrduulurdlrulrldrudluuurulduuuddurulrduudlduudrudldurdldurlddrlrlrlrduuldrulurddulruudlrduldrdlruudlrlrlrulurudludrdduuluuuudddrdudludurlduuuurudluduuuudruuddldrddddlduudddrudluddudurudldduruuduluruluududdudrdddlrldurdudduuuludrludrulddddruudlurddluudrlududdrduduuluurlddrlrddlurududuuuuldrluruuuddluudddrdluuuruuddluuuduurluduuurlurddluudrulrldudduurldddduuurldrdudlduudduddduuruddldudruuluddudurudduuududuulrlurluurludddudrduuluruuuddulrldududrduldurudlrddluuurdlrdlrdlruuldrdldrduddduuudulddrlruldruuldududdudurddlrdldudrdlurduuulrudududddldrdldrdluudrdluurulrdddluuddrldrdduudludurlruudduuulrduuuulrudududulrluurlrluurldurdudlrdlrlrlrlduuddddrluruudddududlduuddruuuuuduuuuldrduulurldrdduluruduulurludrudluuruluruuudduuldrdddlrddddlddurdlrulruulrulruddduuduulrludruuudldrdudddldrudddlurdudddlrlruududlrduudlruuddulruuduuudluruldruddulruduudddlrlrddlrdddldudddudruludrduuuuuludrduddduddluududddurdluddurduudlddurdlurdddludrlurluudruuddluuruludruulruuuuldrdlrlurduddldrdduudduulrlurlruuldrdluuududruddulrudududlrldrlddddududrlrulrdlurududldudddduruuldruuulrlruuldddurdlruddlrdldruuddluruuduuddudddluddrdddluudddrlrudldruduudludrldddruldurlduurudlurlddrulruudduudluddurduldurduldudddrldurldddrlurluuurluruludurddludddduuruuldddrdduuluuddudrulurlrddldurddldddudruluudrdlddrulruduududluuuudrldddrulrluududddurulrluurdlddddruulrlrdlrduluuruuuulurldrlruuddlrlddrulrludduruldudruuududldurlrddduluddrlddudruldddrduddddlrdddlrduulrlruluurlduuudduuduurdudldrddlurdlrudulrduulruldrluuduuuddddddduuuduuruuuludduuurddduuudulrulurddlrlududrudluurduudlrduuudduddlurddduldduduruudlrlurduuddlrludurduuduluurdlrlududrdluudrlddrddlddduudrdldddrdddlududurduuudduluurududdluduudrdldurudulurdudddldrulurldrluuurulddduurduudlurluudrdulrddlddduuddudruuldduurdludrdlududrudlruldrduudlrdduduuuuududlrlurluuurdldrlrduddlrdulurlrlurdduldrddddudluuuduuruluruddulrddluuduruudlrlrlruulrluuudddrldrluudurulddddduudrlddrludduduudrlddrlrdddlduurdduluuduuduruddldrddddulruuldrulrlurlurlurulrddulurdudulrlurduudlurlrdduudlruduuddldrdddlruudludrulddurulrulurdddduuududluurlduruldddrlruuuulrludrduddddluruddldrdddduluruduudlduuurddlrlurluudurudduldddruuldudududdrlruddduulrdudlrlrddudlrdulduurudlduduuudrlddududddrduluuudrlruduulrulruudulurdduuldrluduurldrdlurdduulrlurduuuddduuuduuulrlruluurlddrlruuddduduudduuudduudlduruduuduuldurdluuurlrdldrudduudlrduuuddlddduruuduuuluudrlrudldrudduduluddrdudlruldruuudluuuruldurulrlrluurlrduuuduuulrdudldurlurddudlruddduuluurudldduduudduddruldududdruduludrludurddlduddrdlrdlurlrlrldrlddrdulrlduuuduurdlrlrddlduuduuudurldddrlrddddudlrddluddurdlddudrduldddudurdlurluudduruudulrdluruddudludduuruudddlrlurddduddulrulruluuudrudlurluuddrddduuulddurddldrdludddrddlduuuuudrdlddrdludddrulruuuluuurdlruudldrlrudlrulruluudurlruuududuulrulrdudduuludrdldrddulrdduudludrulrlduruddluruldrdddudduuluudrulrulrlrduuuuuddudlrdlrduddlruuldduddudrldurulduuuurluduurlduruldurdduldrlrdldruluuurdluuurdudlrdlurldrudduudluudurlddruddduduulrdldduuddrulrlrlddrudddulrdduudulddduddduududrddldddddudddruddlduddudddurldrulrduuudlrldrluudruudlrldrdulrdduddlrluddurdduudlddrddlrdlrulruddlurddlddurlddrulurdludrluddrludrdulrdddduudlruddlruuddldduuuruuuudddlurulrlruulududurlddrduuuuluddddduuduuuruudldudrduudluruluuddddduurlrlduuduuuurluduurulrlrduuuuldrududulrudlduurdulrlrulrduldrlrldrludrldddurdddldudddrdduuulrldudrlrududluruluurlruuuluurdlduddrddlrluddrduldudddrulurlurduulruduulrldrulrlrudlrulddrldddududurdulddddrldrlduurdlrldrduuduldudrdduddlddrudlrdluuddrdddlduduudrduuuulrluruuldruluudduurluudrudulrduulurdlrldrlruduulrluuurduuluduuruuuudduulddduuruuulrdldddrddududlrddluduruduuluuurludurulrdulurludurulurdlduuruuulrlurdlduuudurldrdudldrulduuduudruuuddduludduduuurduuuuudlduurdudulduduurdlrudlrdlddruldduddurlddrlrdlduududurlrdlrddlrduddddduldddurdddludrluuurdlrldrldrlrldudduddduuruduuuulrulurulruluddruuddldduuududdrdlduduuudruldduuduudruududuuuuudddduduluuuddruuluudrluruluduuurdddldudrduulruuludrdldududdruldddududddudurluurlrdduduldrlruddudulrludrulduurdduudduldddududdurduldrdldruuluruduulurlurdudlurulruuulruluddudruduuldrldrdudulrdudddluuruuldurduldduruuddlurluruuldudrluuuuuududuuudrluudrudlrlrlduuruudududulduuudrudldrdlrlrduldrlruuulrluuuuuuuuuuudrdudulrluurdduuduldrdluudrlrddluddrudlrdudulduduruldduuudrdduudududdlurdduuluuruuddldrdduuuddudlurudulrudlrulrulruuddududluduuurlrdlrlduudrdudlurldddrldurdudldrududduldduruuludrldddrlurdlrdduddulurddulrddldrldrdulrduluurlurluududrlrdulrududdlddddurudlrduuulddruludruludurulurldudruuduuuluurlruduluuuduruulrldrluurlruuududlrlrlrdudlrlrlrduduudludrdlrldrduduuddlrudlurlrudldddrdldddrddulduurdddldrudddludddurldudrddldrudldruluuruuldruluurddluuddurluuuruludurddldrdudddlddduurlurludrulududrulurulduuduudurdulurddldduuddrddldrldrudlrluduruldrdlruluudrduuluudruddlurulddruulrdlduddurdulrduuuuddduldrudduduulrluudddrdlrudlrduduulrlruldrulrulrdulurlddrdduuuuldudduruulrulrddlddduurluddudruddlrduludddrddluddrdlrldduurluuurdulurlurlrduuludruuddduuduuuuulrlrdluuddudduuurdlddurldurdudduludrlddurludruldurdddlrludduduuddddruldddurluuuddruldduruddudlrulurddduuudldrdduuudulurdlurlrdddudlrulrdldudurdulddruulrdlrduuddluudrdlruddlrdlurdlddruluurluuruluruludrduuudlrdlruudluuuruluuruuddlruulurddulrddluddrulrdlurdluuddruduuuduuududuldrdudludurlddddddurduuuduluuuruulddurulruuuudlrdldrdlrdudddlruuduldddruduluudddrdududuuldurdulrdulduuuurldruulrdludruldurddudldddrldrddulduuddudduddduuuduurlddruludurduuuuluurddlrduudlduddrldrluuudrdlrlduuduudddurlduuddruludruudduududluuuuuuuduurdldrlddruudludrlrulrldrudlrduudluruulddruldddruddddlrduddldurlrulrluudurlrulrlduruldrdduldududrdddlrudluuduuddududuudrlrddlrlduudduurldudddduruluuduuudruuduuuuudlrulurlrdduuulrddlruuduuuluududdrdulduddrlrluduruuludduddddduddudrlruuuuldddrldrdudlduuurdddudlrlrlurdudlrlurlrludrldrldurdudlddrudlduddrlurlrlrduuldurduddlrlrlddurulduurluuududuruuluuddddduudddrlrlrulrluuurlrulurdduuludruuluurddlrddudulrluuuuduuurlddurduudulrluddurlrudlrududldudruluduurdldurddldrulurdulrdlruulrluruduudlruduuduudduuuduudddlduurluddrduulrlrduldrldrddduddddldurdduuulurduddldurdlrldudruulrdldduudrlrludrlrludurluduuurudluruuluuuddrudlddudrudulddddrdddlduddrddudddddlrddddulrdudlrudldudurdldddruuddlurulurdddlddrulrdluuurddlurulduruuuldruduuuuldrulrldddrduuuldudrdddluuurluuruddlruddlrdldudurdduddduddudluddduruuddudulrdddludrdldurduldrlrldrduldrddldrlduuddurdududdlurudlrdluudrlrdduuuuldrdldrulrddduldurdddduluddrludurdddduudddududduudlrlrduluuruulrlddrlurdduulurulrludrdlurulruuuuuuldduuuurdudlduudddruuudldrdudlrulddruduuuuluuudrldruuuuudluurldududdrldddurduluuuurlurdddlruuuddldruuudlrldurudldurluuuduruddlurdlrlrludrdddulduurdulruludrlduduuruulrdlrudlruluuuuuddurdduddulruulrddluuurulrdldrulrulrlrddlddddrluurlruddddulruulddduuududrlrddludduddurulruduldddduuduurudduluuddrddludrldurluuurdlruddlrldrlrlduuudruuulddurldddduuduudrduudddduuuulrddlurdlddurldurulurudulrdlurlruudlduurluuurdlrdudddldurddldurlurluuurlrlduddrddldddduuuruuulduurudludrulrluurlduudddruudduldrdlurdlruuuluuduududuuuudrddddlurddlruddlruuulrdludurduddluuuuurldrlduuuduudurluddudrdududududlurldruulddddrlddruduulduruulrlrduudlrlrldddruldrlrudlurdddlrdlddduurduduuulrddluuudruuluuddrlddurldddddrlurlrdlruuuluuduruldurduddldrluruudlurldrlrdduldduurlruudlurlrlrluudrldddurluuuruuudlrdudddludruddlruuduluduuudrlddduduudduduurulrldddrdluduruldududddduddurlruuuludurluuuddurdlrdlruldudrlrdlrlduurulrduulrdulddrdluuududrulurlrdulddrudldruuuuuuldudddddddrlrdulruluurlurdduddlrulrldrduluurudulrdldrldurlduruulduuurlrldurduuulurluudrdduddduduududdlrdlurlurlrduulrlddrduulddrduudulrdulduuruddldddruulrulruudlrlrdudldrldurduulurddlrluuuruduuldrudduddlrluuudrdlrulruddluurulddrlduuuduuurdduldudrlrlrdduludruuuluurlrluududurluuruuuduulrduudlruuudlduruulrlrdulrddlrlrlrlurudlrulrdudluddrdldrlurlruuluduruuduuuuduuuldrdludrlduuuurlurdlrldrlrluuddrulurulrldrlruldddurddldudrudulrulrlrduudlurulrdlurdulrludrlurdulddrudludrlududdruudlurdulrdldurduldurdluurdduldrlrludrludrdduulddrluuurldurdluddudruuudududdduddluddddruddulddduddrdlrdluudurldrulrddlurdudddlurdluddrldrlrlrlurlduruluruuuuulurulrudddudlddurluduruududdlrduuudlrluruuluddruulrduudludrldddurlurlddrlruulruluurulrddlddrduddulrluddrlduduudduurlurlrudluddrldrulrlddudruuldddddruuuludrlddrulrddlduddrduldudurlruldruldrulududdrldurdudluuurduuluddddrlruduulrulruuudldurlruudldrdulrdduddulduddrdlruduulrddulrlduddddruddludduuurlrduddldddddrluurdlduruudduduuulrdulrlrlddrdlddrldddrlrdddldrlrulrulrlrldruluuddurlurlrlurdlrdluurluudrluurlruuuudlrddduldrudddluududruldududrlruddlruuudulrludurluuurulduudurudluruuuuduldduruuuluuruuluurdduuuduulduuuruudlrdldrududlddrdddddlruldurdlruuuldruuddduulrudduuluuurdluurluurdddlduruudlrldrlrulrudddldrduldduuurdldudurduldrlrldrulduuruldruuluddruuldrlddrduulrlddrlddduudrduudddldurludruluurlddduddrlrldrduuldrdlddrduulrudlrldruuudulrlduuruuldrudduuuuduudulurlduruulrulduddrlrududludruudldrulrudlrlruuuulurdldurdludddrudlrulruududduuddluuuddurldurudldudurlrulrdulrldurdudludrddlududuuuruudddlrulrddldrlurlrlrdddududdddddddluddurlrluduuduruuuudludrldrlurulrludrlrlddrluduurduuldrddlurulrduuuuuldrdldurduulruulrlrddulrldduruuludrlruuldduudrldudddddudddrluuddddrdluduruudlrudldruuudluduududrdddulrduludrlrldrlurdudlrdlruddulrudulurlrlduruuduuduudlddruludruuuddldrdudddddlurlddduuudurluuudrudluddrdluuruduldrlrdddlddrdduluurddlrdluuuddrudldddrduuldurdlrluddurdulurlrudldddrlrdduuuddulruudlurduulrddlrldrlrlduduuruldduuddrduuudlurldurulddrluddrdlduududdrudulrudduluuudduurduduuuuulruudddlddduuurlrlruuddldurduduuldrulurddldddurlurluudrulduduudrddludrdldddurddluurduluuuuuuududduddruduuludrdudduluurdduduldrlrlrdldrlruuluddrdlrdulrldruulurluruududuldudurlurldudurdldduddrdluruuuulduddurulddudurdudddulrduudulruludrlrlurlrdudlrdlrddlruuuuludrdluruddluruuduluudduduurluuuddudrlrdlruddulrdulrddluduuruldrlruuddduddddlurluduuurddudluudrduldruludduuurluurduldruuludrdluruuddulruludurlrlddddruludrduuddluuduuudruluurdlrldddrlrlurludrlrlududdrddulrduuluudurludruluurudldrlurdldrdlduddurddlurldduurldduurlurlduuruluruuudludrduuuulrduudlrulrldurudlrduuuluruuudlrudududddluuududuuurluuuduuuddruuldrldddurluurdudlrdldruluududurduldurluuuruuldduuuurdduuuudluuruuluuuuuuuruududlrlrlddurlurddlurudlrldruuuuulruduuuudulddudurldduuuruuluurdldrlrulurlrulrduludruluudrlrluruldrudlruluudurdulrdldrluduudrduddluudurduluddddrdldrlududuuuuuudrulrldddudddddrlduuurlurluurlddudrlrulruulrdduuludrdduudluuddrludrddlddurdddulrlrulurdlrududuulurddlrldudurduudlddrlddrulrlurldrdddlrduuudlrlddrddddlruulruuduuluuuddrudulrdddduuldrldududdurdddduldrlrlduuurlurluuurduddulddrdldruuulddurluuudrldurddldudududuuddduuruuuduuulduduuddruududdlrulrduduudulrlrudluddrduluuddrduddluduruulrluduuuudrddulduurudulrlddrlruuduudddlddudurluuruudlrdulddrldrudlddrlrduudlrududulruldurdlrldruddlddudruuuldrdldrdlududruuuulrlrlurdduduuuuudlrlruuuulurdudlduuuuurlddrududldudrulrdudludrdulduududuruduluuurdulduudrlrudlruudlduuddududruududulruulduruuuudlrlrulurlrulrduldrulrlduuudrulrlurlruduuluduudrluddrludddrlduddrluurddlrdddduuulrulddurudlurlrddlurdlddrluududuuuuruuuldrddlruudduulrdduuluuruddlrddudulrlddrududdulruddududuuududddudddluuddrdludddurdduluuudrdudlurlrlrddduddludruluurduuulrlrulrddlurlrlddrlrlurulduuruulrlurdlddurdlddddduuddurulrulrdduddddluuuruudduluuuddrlruuuuduuudulduudrlrlruuddulrddulrdddldduurlddurdlruuluddudruududluudrludddddrldrlrldrudlduudrdduddlrldrdlddrduulddrudulrlduuurldrdddulddruldurdlrddlddrldudddrulududruulrlurluruuuddlrdlrduududulrldduduurddluuurulduudrdddlurluurududdddldurlrudlrdlrduduldrddudludddruudddududuuudluurlruluddududrlrldrlurldurddulrlrdulddduuurlddurudlruldurlrlddududrulrdldudrdluudrudududlurddddulrudddulddrluurldrldurduddulrulruddldruuldrulrddduludrudldrduudlruuuuuluurddlurdludurlrldrlrduduuudlrdduldrdlrldrulrldrddluuuurudldddddddrudlurudluddurdduuldurdduddulrduduludrdudddldrlrulduurudduluruduulududurulrduuuulurdlrududluduuduuruuudluuruluddddrudlurdldudduuuuurldddudrdlurulrulddrldurdldudrdudlrduddulruddulrlduurlddrlrulurluruuuddudluuuddrduluruldruldduduuudududruludddruuddulruduluuudrlrlurduldudrulduddrdlrldruduludddrlrlrdludrudddlruudldrdudlrulurldrlrlrudduudulrlrluuuuuuduurulurlruulrdludrulurlurddluududrldduurlududurlrdlurlrlurddlurududldrudlrddlddrlurulddurluudrulduurlddduudrudduuulrdulrddulurlurlruuludrdlrdluuuruuddlurlrlruluuddrduluudrldrdluurlrulruudlruududlrulrdldudrdulddudrdluurldruuldddrlurduuldrduduudluruuddduudldddudruudlurlruudduuulrlududduuurdlrlrlurududlrlddrlrdudduulurduulrdlrdlrudldrdduulrludrddlrulrlruluuuuruluruuldrdlrlurlrlurddddluuududuuruludrduudlrdulurdlrlruddludrudlurddldrlurulurluddddududdrlurldurdulrdlduuuduuurlruududlduduruulddrluuuudddduuuuudduuddurdduulrduulddddudrudlruuddudduuldrdlrlrdluruuduududuuuddlrlddrdulrluudddurlrduluddurldrdlddruulurulruuudludrlrdlrudduuuludruuddddduuddddulruduuuuuudluudrdluuddrlurldrduulurdlududdddduurlddrdudulrludrudduudldurudddudlrluuurldrdluurduddlurulurlrldrdlrdlduduurudlduduudurdldudddddrdulddddrudduluurudlrldrddludurduuuldurduudulurudlruududddluduuurduudddluudurludrduldruduuuulrlrlrlduududrdlurdlurudddddddudududdluuuurdlrdlrludrdlrdulduudrulurldrduuuddduulrlurdluduudurulududduurldudurluuurdluudduddrudlrlduddrldrdldruludrddluurdduddudlrdlrduuududlruuudlurdulrdudduldrududlurdluuuuuuudddudurddluddruduuluuruldrdduldddruldduruulduuurduuuduuulrulrudduudddluurudddlududddurdudlurudlrludruuuduulddduruddluuuuududruludduruulrldrdluurdluuurudludddududdduuddurdudlruuduuuuluurdulrdlurddduduulruldurlrlrdduluudruulddruuuulrlruuuuudddlddrdulrduddddlrulduurdlruluurldurdudduuludrlruuuulduduuuudddrludrududdlrddluruuduldudruudlrlrulruldurlrudluuuurduudluddrdlrdlrdulddrdlrdlurdddudldruuduuludrlrdulrulurluudddrldrudldurddlrudlrdduuluuurlrddldddrulrddldrdudulrdudududuuulddurldruuldurlrlrlurduddddudluruldruludrddlddrulrlddurldduurulrlrlduruulurdluurluuruluruludrlddruldruddddlrddduulrlrdduulrludrddluuuuddrduldduduruuludrlrduuuddudluruuddluuudrldruulduruuddduduulurudlddudrluurludduudruldddudddruulruuldduuurldrludurdulurldddduduudduddrdlurulurdddudlududrduuluruuuuuddulrddldrududduuuuluddddruuuuduuddludrlrlrldurlurdlrldddduuudrulruduuuldrulrlrlrulrluuuddrluudduuruuduudduuduulrluududrdludrddududdduduudduldrudduudldudrldddudrludruduuuluudrddulrluurddlddduurdulurudldrddduuuuulrdulddrddluurdluuuddrudlruudlddrlurulrluruuulduurdldrlurudlduurlddurdlrdlrludrudddduddluddrulrdlddurdulrdluurudddlduduuurlduduuddrddludduruudduldrdludrudlrldrduluudrulrlududrluuruludrulrlrldudurdlrlrudlrldrddlurldrluuddrlrduulrddlruluddrldrlduurludduuudrdlruudddluddrldrldrldudrluudrdudlrududduulrdlduddduduruulrudlduduuddurdduudluduruudlrdldudrudulddurdluudurldrlrlurlrldudduuruuddludduuudurlrlddrlrlrulrddduulrludurldrludurdlrlurldruudddududduulduuruldduurlurlruudludddddddrddldudrlrlrdldrdudlrludruuudulruduuuududldduurddlurlrdddlruddlrdlduudduddurulrduuduulruuluduuruuuludrddlrdddddluruluuruddudduuulddurudududuuudulrdduddlduuurddulurdulrldddudruulddduuurlrduddudlduuuuddduuuuuruduuudlruluurduluudrududlrudlddruldddurududdlududdruddlddruuulrlrdddulrdldruulrlrulruduuuuldduuuudduuuurduldrlruuuuudlrulrlrduuludrdulduudrlurlurdlruduuudldrdudlduurddduluddddduruuldddduuruddududddlruuuludrddulrudulddurlddruddlduuurduluuruduldrlduruulruddlrdlurldurduduuuldudurddlddrlduddrlrluuudurdduuuuuulrludrludurlrdldddrlurdulruulrdlrududldruuulruudduulrduluddrlrlddudrddulruldduuruuulruuudduluudrdduluudududdurdduuddlrddudldduurddluudurdduldrduuduulrudlrdulrdulurduulrlrlurddlrlrludurudlduddrlruddduuddddldurlddrldrduddldurluurduldrlrlurluuruuududduldurdduuddluruldudrudulurduludrdldrlrddulurlrddluudrlrduudlrlddrldurduddluuurddddldrdludruuuldrddlrddlurlrlurlurludrluuuddrdulrulrddluruuduudldudrldrldddrddldrdduuuluuuurdluruuulruddluurdududududlduuruldruulrludurddluuududuuruldrulduduruulduruddddldddrdddudulduddruluurdluduududrdulddrdlrduulruuudlduddduruuddluududrudlduddurldrddldddrulrldudrluuddddrdldruuuuuuuuldrddluuruldududdruudlurluudrduuuudlddrudldddrdldurddldrulduurdudludurlrdddlrdudddlrudduldudurudduuddludruddudlruuulrlduudduurddddulrulrlddurdddluruluruudldurudlrlrdldddurdlrudldrldrldrlddddrulddrududdulrudulruuudddddluuuuddrduuuduluduurdlduudrdlrdudlurudludduurlrdulrdudludurulrdlrudldrduldrudluruuuudluddrdduuldurlurududdlruulurldurdudlduruulddrlrdlruuudulduuuruddlurlrddlrluddddrduluudurdduudlruldudrlrulrlrddluuuddrudlddudrddulddurludurlurluddrdluruuuddduddldrldurulruudlruulrlrlrddlrdlddruddluuurlrddulrldurulurldrduuduuuuudldrdlrduuudlruuuluuuddrduluudddrdluurdlrlrlrddlurdldududuruduulurudlduruduuudldddudrudldrldrldrluruldudrluuudrlruulrudlrlrlrldrlrldddurdlduurddlduurududlddruulrdudldrddlduduurldrlrlrdudddldurddlruuldrldududurlrddulurudulrddudddlrludrulrlruuudduddulrlrdluuuudruudulrlrduudduuuldudurddlrldurldurdlrlrdddddldrdulddudrddudddldrdduddlurldrudldduddrdlddudrudduulrluuudruuludurdlddrulurulrduuuldddruuulrduludrldrdluruduldruddulddddudrddludurdulduurdluurludrdudldrulrddudddlrldrldrdlurdudlruuddduuluddrdludrduuuuduuddluduurudduudduuddluddruuddlurluuuurluuudddrdulrudlruddldurudlduruluddrlrududlduuurlruudddlruuulrudlududurlduddurldrduludduduurdldrlurlurdulrdduduuuldurlrduuulduurdddluudduruuddduduuuddddlrludrlduuruduuluurlruulrlrdulrludrluurluuuruldurlurddlrudddlududrdlrulrdddludruluurdduluruuududddddlrlrlrdddludrldududruuduuuluuudduuuurlrdlrududludrduuudduuuuludduurdludrduuluruludrlrdluddrludrlrdlrldrlduddudrlrddludrlruuuldruddlrludrddddldrudddlrldruldddruddduldrdlurddduludurlrddudduluruuulrudddudduuuddlurdludddudurddluuruluruulddrulurlrludrldurdlduduurududdudluruuulrddluuurldrlrluruuludruludduruuludurduddluuudrddldrlurudluududrlduuurudulurduuudduduulddrluddrdduuluuuurlurduddludrdldrlddrduuulduduudrduudddluuuuuudrulrddddlrddduuuuuudluudrulduuduudrulruuddluruuluddurdddluduuddddduuurudddlddurldddurudlddddrdddlrlruuddlrluurdldddrluruddldudrdudldrududddudlrlddrudddduuddduuldurddlduddruulrddlddruuuldddddrdlurudldrluruudlduudddrlddrdldruluduuurddlurlruudluuuuruuuluududrudldudurduduluurduuludurddlddudduurdlruuuuulrduuldrldduuudduurlurddddudldrldudrduuddluruuldrulddruulurlddudddududruldruuluuduuuuuurdluduuurdlrudddududldrlrudddldruluddududdduuuurldduddudddrddddlduurlurddludurulrdlrulududruuduudldrdduuluuddurulrdluudurulrdudlrddlddrduluuuudduruulurdldddddrddlduuudduuuurludddududddrddlruuludrldududurludddudrdddulduruddduuddulrduudlduuduuuddrlruldrulrulrudduddulrlrldurldudrduldrdudldududuudddrudddddudddulduuuududdruuduuduluuudrlurlurdldddddurldrduulrdudddduulurddulddruududulruulddrddluruuldurulrlruddldrulrlrulruuluurddulrluuuurdudduduulurluruududulurulrluddududrdlduuruduuudldrdddlrdddldurdlrlrdluuurluuddruduuuduluudrlrdlrluurlrdlduuuddudrdddluruddluuuurdldruuudlrdlrluurdddlrludruudddlurlrudduldrdlrdlrduldddruulrldrlddrulrdldduudurudlruddulduddrdulrdduulrdduuluuuuurulrulduddduuduurdulrdlrldddurduluuudrdududuluruulurdduldddrluduuduurlrdudddudlrdulruuldruududuulruluurluurulddrududdulddurlrlrudddduuldduuuuruddulrudlrulrlrldurdlduuuurlruldrlruudlruddlrlurlrdudddldurdldddrudlrulrddududdulduruluuudurulrdlrddldrddlurludddddrdludddurlrdlruuuldrlrdldrlduuurulurluudrlrlurudulurlduddrldrluudududrlddrldduuruddluuududuuuuuuuruuldurlrduddduuddlrdulddrdulrldurdlurlurudlrluuddruuddddlddduuuuruuulrldurlddudurdudulrududldudrludrldddrdlrdlrulrudddldudrlrududlddrlrudduldduruldudrluduududuudrdludrdudulrldddrludurduuldududruddlruuldduduudddurulrlurdlrldrluudruudlddrlrdulddruduuddulrldurdulrudlurdlrudddlrudduludurdldruddlurlrlurdlurluurduddldddduddrddldrddlrldurluuuddududduuuurulduruuuldududrluduruulurldrudulrdulrluuuddurudddldudrdddudulddrduudddlrluruddludrudluuuruddddlruldduuddduuuruuldduuuduurudldudddurudlurduldurdududdduuludurulrlurlrdudulurudldduddrlruddulrluuduruuduulrdddlrduuuldrudduluuudrududuulduuddruuudddudlurlrudddulrudulrdulddurlrlrdddulrlurdlrduuduuuudddluudrulurduduuldruddlrlrldrldddrdddlurdluudruludddddddurduldrluduudurldrdddduddlddrdudlruuudlrdlrddluudrduuuduluduudruulrulrdlrlddrluuuudduddurlrlduuuurudulddrldurdludddruduldddrluddrdludrdduuldrdududddluuduruddlddduduuduurududlddddrlddrdlurldurlduurlrdldddddddrluudrlrlddduudduudduudurlrlrudduuuldduuurludrulrduludrdlrldrduluuuruuulrdudduddldurlrddludrduluuurldurdlrddduduuuulrlrdldrdlrludrudddulduuuurlruuuddludrlruldrludurdduddddlruduuldrudldududurduudulddrulddddrdulurudulrluurudulurludduuuurdlrdddduuuldrlrluurulrluduurudldudrdluurdulruuudulrlddrlrduduldrulrdlrludrulruuudduududdlddrlrlrlddudrduddddlddrlduduuuuduruuuluddurlududuudrduluudrududdlruldudrdulrddddulrlrlrdulrdlurduddludddudruldurluduuruddldurlrdldduurudlrdduuludrudluuurudududdluruuuuuulurdlurudldrduddudlddrduddulrlrlrlruluddudrluruuuluuuduurldrulrlrldrlrluruluududrluuuuuudruuulrulddrdlduddurldrddluudrlrlrddldurddlrduuuddududdddlddududrddldrlurdldrlrdddlduudduuudurudulruduluruldrdlurlrduudddlrlurdulruddddlurddldrdlddruddddudldrdddldrdlddddddududrlrdluurlduurdudldrdudlurudlrddddluudruluuurulurdddudldrldddrdddulurlrdudludrlrudlduruuduldrluuuruulrulruddddddlrluddurluuddurudlrddudduuldudurdduudlrulruuuuldruldrldrudldrdlruldrudulruuldurlruddlduddurdludududrldrdduuluduuuudddurdduldudrluduurlrulrulurludrlrludurdudduludruludrudluudrlrluudurdduuuddudlurdudlddrludruuuuuddldddrdudduludrluuddrdlddrulrdluuddddrddldruuudluddruduududdududldruulrduluruduudududuulurddudlrduulduruuluuruulurdlrddduuduldrudduldrlrdluruuudlurluduruludddurddddldrluuddrldduddrlrudlrddlddurdduudddluuurluudrlruududuuuuldrulduuurdduududduuldududdrldddrudddldduddrlddrluruldrdduuluuuudrduulrduddlrududduuuulddrdduudluddudrddldrdddulruuluuddrddduldrlrlrdddulurdlddudurlrlddudruldurlurdluudruuuuulurlrdlrddlrlurlrdlrduddulrdldddrduludurduldddrdldddruuldrlrulrlrlrddlruuudlduurdlurddlrlrlurlrduududdlrulrlddrduudlduuruulurlrlruudududldurlurlddruddudlruulduuudddddrddldrddluddrdldrduududulrdulrduulrdlrulddruddlrlurlurldudruuddlruddluuurduddldrdlurdlrluuuuuddrlddruuluduuruluddddrudlrldduuurdulruludrulruduuldrludurdlddrluurddulrduuluuduruduuuluruuuuduulddduduruuudldurdldrlurdulruudduuuuuuudddududduluudddrludrdddduluurldrlurlurldruuddlurlruuduldudddddrluudrdlruldudddudurdlduudrduudddldrdlrdudludrduluudrduuuddddulddurldurlruludddrdlrldrlrduuuuuldrddduuluudruuldrlrlrudlrudulrlurdlddrluuduudurldruduldruddudduldddduuruuulruluududdudududrulurlurlddduruulddrdludududurulrdluurlrduduldrddddudlrudduudududduudududluduuduuddddudrluuuurlurldrulruldrdduldrulrlrdlrldruuuduuudulruuudddlrduldurduuudulurlurudluruudlrlurdduluurldurulddduduruuddudldruldrldududrulrlurddudduuddulduduuurdldudrlrdudlruluuruuddlruludrudduulrdulrluuurdulurluuruduudluudrlruuuuuluuruldrlrulrluurdddlddduuruuududludddrlurdduldrlurdlruldudrduduuduluduuruulrdlrdddlrluudurlrudddlruuuulrlrduludrlrddduddddudduuuludrluddrduduuuduuddlddurudduuuduuuludrduldurlruulrulrdldrddludddruuuulurldrldduruudulrluurdddlurdddlurlruuuuuduulrdlrluddrlrdldrdldudurlrddlrdldddurudlurluuuuddrlruddlddrdlurldruulduurluruduududlddrluduurdlduuruulddruuduluddurdulddrulddrlrdddudlrduuddlddruuuududuulrludruluruludrlddrluddudrdlrluddddrlduurdudlduudruluuddddddrudulrdduldduuuudduduuudruulrlrdlrudulrddlrdluurduldudrdulurldrdddddulrlrluuuduuuurudluuduuuddudrlrldduudrulruuduuluuduuurdulrddlddduurlurddudulddddduddurdddulrddddddldrddddlduddddddrdduuldruulrddldrduuududdduludrlddrddluurlrlrlrdddlurlrdlrdddduddlduuuuddudrduluudduuuuurlruuduluuuuruuuuulruuuudlrldudrdduuuludrldurlrddlrduuldduududrlrdlurluddrdluurduluduuudrdluudrududdudulurulduudddruuuuudddluudrludddrudludddurludduurdddluurlduuurdduuldrluuurdlddruldddddrduuudddludrluruuudldruludrldddrdddddldududdurdlduddurduluuddddudruddlrlddrdududuuuluuuurlrdlduurduulruluruudluuuruuuduuddlrulrddlrdduuuuudluuddrlddurluddurudddlrlrulruulrdluduurlrdldddrududluurddldrdlrdudduddddldddudrdldddudrddluuurduldruudldddurdludrldrlrulurluurdldudddruduulrulrddlurdlrlrlrdlrulduruddlurdlrlrduudlrludddrlrddudldruuudldrdduluurdlrduldrluuuurlrlurdluudrduuduuudlurddlududurlrludddduduruddlrdddudlrdduuuddlrlrduuudlduududdududddruluduuurldddrdlurudldrludurdluudruuddulduurddduldududrduuuudulruuluurdulrdduuulruduudlurlrluddududruluurdulduurdldrdlrulruduldduuruuudulddududuurududdduddduudulduduudrlddrluudduuuuddruddluddrludddddddrddududdldrlrlurddulrdduududlurduuudulruuudduldruuuluurlddrduuldddrlrlrudulrduluruudlrlruldurlrudluruududduldrduddddudddlrdlrulduuuddrlddruulrduluuudrulruuuuuuuuuuludurldrldududrulrldrudududldurddulrlruuulrludduurdlrddluuurldddurlrddldddruludrldrddlurduddudlddrluduurulruuuuduuludrudddlurduduuuuulrluruldrdduddddlrddldrluurluuuduurluuruulrlurlurddlddrlruldrludrdlurduldduddrdudddduudulruluddrlruluruduuduuuddddudldruuduuldrluurudduuludduuudrdldruuluruuldurlruldrulrdddddulurlurlruluruudddluruudludduruldurlrudulrdduudlrldddddrdldrduudlruuduuuuuulrdlruduudluuduurlddrluurduduuduuduulruddulrulrduudlddruddlrdddlrdduuluuddruduldruludddrduuduluuddddrlduruduuuddddldudddrduldrdlurluudrudddlrlududrluududdurudulduurulruudddlrlrluddduduuurulruuuldudrddulrlrlruddddlurdduududlruluruluuduuuduurudddluuuuruluruduuuuulduudrlurddduuuludurdlruuudddudddudduldruldurldudrdudldurlruddldurluurldurudlrdudldrdldrduuudldduuudududurdddldrlrlddudrulruddddlrdulrlurluruulruluuuudrldduurlrlrdluudduuruldruuddddudduulduruuluuuududrulrulrluurduuldurdluuuurdlddruluuddrldrulrdlduuddurduldrluddrdlurlurdlrlurlrdddluruuduulruuudulruuludrlruduuldurdlrldrdlruuldurdldrduddlduruddldrlrulduuddurlududrulurlduruddddduulrdluruuuddduuulrlruddulrlduuddddrlrluduurduuuulurududlddrdlrdluruuddluuurlrduudddudduududddulrddlurdlurdudulurldrdlrduddlrldrlurlrdulurldrlurdulrluuurduldudruduudldurdlrlrlrludddddddududurulrlrlddurlduurluddruduludrulruldrududldddrdddddudlddddduuuuurlurluduuududdudddrdlududduruldrulrluuuduudrlrddlduudrddudududlrlurlrulduuduruududdlurluduurduddddluuuduurlruuluudddudrduudlurdluududrduldudruluuuuuruuluurddlurluuduudrldrlududrluudrluurlddrdddludddrduuudduddddudluuddruuuulddudddurlruuulduruluuddrldudruuddluurdudldrdlruddlduuuuurluuuddruudlududurdudluudrddldrudlrdluuddrlrudulrdudluurluuduruuuudlddrdlrldudrudduuduudluurlrulurdluuruuldurlrdulurulrlrluudrddulrududlrdldrulurluuuruduulduuuududuudrduldurdluuudurlrdulurludrludrlurduudulddrlrddddudduddluurlddudrddduuldurldrluuuurudldrludrlddurlurudluudruuldruduuddudddlurlrldduddududrludurluudrudduddudlrlddrddluuddrlddrddudduuulrulruulrdulurdudduulrlddurulddruludrlrlrulddrududlududdrddlrudluudruudddludruddluuddudrludduuduurlrlddruuldduuudddduududrdudududdldduuuuddduddduudduurlrdludrdluuduuurlrdlrulrlrdlrulruulurluduuruudulduudrldduddduuruluuudrddduulrdududduduldruulduruddddldrldrudldruuuuulrludrududdldudddrlrduuuudludrulrdldrdluruulurdluuruudlrdlurlurlrddldrddlurulududdduurdudduuluuuudurduludddurlruldurdldrlrdldurddudlrulurduuluuuudurldrlurdulrddddlruduulrduuddudldruduldddurduuuduulrlurdlrduddulrdlruuulrluurdudluuudrlrududulurlrlrluuudddddrldruldduddududruuulruluruuddlddrlurldduuuruddulduddrddulddrddlududruddlddrlrudulduddddrdludrluruuudulruuluuruulddrluduruuulududrddlududrdduudluddurlrdddddlddurldrlrulurudluddduuddddddddrudlduurluduruuluuuddrddlrddudlddudurdddlrdddluddudddddurduluurddulurldrlrdluuuududdduruludruuuuuuuuddulruduuudldddddrlurlduudduddruluddurlduuduuduudududdddurdludrudluruluddrdduuudulruduluruldurulruldduddurludrlrdddldrudulrldruddlddrldrddldrlrlruuduuddludruluuddddrlddddrludrdlddrldrduuluruuuudldurdldurlrddldrduuuulrulrlrdlrldruuulddrlrldrluruuudluuuuudrlurdduduldurudlddudurlruddldrlurududdlrlddrlrduludrlruulrulrdlddudduduurduuuuuluduruldddduruddudduldrluuuurlrduldurdlurddldduuuduuurdddldrldudrdddlurddudlrluurdluurdlrudldduurulrdudulurlrlddurddldduurddlrduuuuuluududruulrdlddruduuldrlrdludrdulddrluddrulruulduudurudduddudddulddudrlrulududdrududluduurduuudlduuddruulrlrudlrdulddrldududuruuuduluruudulruudduddlduurddlddrduuulruluuruluurulrldruldrldduddrulrludrddlrldduuddruuuuuddlrdddudlrludduddruuulrlrlurldrludurudlrudldudurddluduurlududuuuruluddddurddudlrlurudluruuuulrldduduuurulrldruuulrdlduudduuddruldurdddddddlduudruuuludurudldurlurldrddduddlruulurdulrldruudluruluduuuuudduudurlddddrluudurduuuududluudduudruudlrlruuduuddlrlrlududruuuudduuuduluruuldududurdlurddludurdudldrluddrluurduulruduudlurlrldrlurlrdlruldrdlrlddurduuulurdddudulrlrddlrlrlruududduulurldddurldudddurluudrdluuurluuduuudurdldrulrdldududduuurldrddldrldrulddudduuudddduudududrddlddduddddurdduulrldudrdudulrudlddruddddduluruludrdulrldrlrddlurlddddudrdlududuuudurlddrulurlddruluuudruuudddduuuulurulurdduuuldrlrdlduruldrddlrdlddurddddlrlrlrulurldrlddruudlrlurluduudurldruulruuddudlrddduuuduulruulrdlrudldrdddlrudulruuluduuudrduuldruuuuduuldudrduludrlrluudduruldddurluudduruulrdlduudddududuurududlruudldudddrduddlrluurudlruldrlrldrlddrlurldrudldrddulduuduurdddddddluduudruludduuuuudrlduuruduldurlrddudlrlruudlruludrlurduudulrulurudddluuuduuuuduruulddududdrddddlrlrlurdddlurddudduuuddlrdldudddduuuuurudluduruuulruduulrdulddurdudlruddlruuldrdluruddulrduludrlruddddluudrluurlududddudududrdududuuulrluurduluruulrdluddrludurlrulrduludrlurldurdluurddduluddruldruuuudluuudruuuuudlurdulurlrdududlduuurddldruldrddudluddrulrduduuddduluurlruududduuduldrlrldudrlruduuddulrldrluruddduulrduddlurddduddluurldurludurlduruuddludddddrluuurduldurdldrldddurlrlddrlrlduuuuurluruludrudddlrulurlruldddrldrluuduurdlddurdlrdldurlrdlddrdulruldrduduuddlrlrluduudddddruluuuurdudlrudluddurddlrldurluuuuruduluudrlurldrdlddurduluuuruddluudrulrdududluduuuuruluuurludddudrldruuddluuddrdlduurlurlruddduduuddlurdulrldruuldrluuuddrdulddudrudldrduludrulddddudrdddldurlruudlddurduluuurdludruluruudlduudduurlrdududlrluurdddulrldduuddrdulrlrdldrludruuduuulrludruulddrdluuruuduuddldddurluuddudurduuuudluuruuuluuurdluruuuulurudlruluudrlrldddurdduuulududrlduurudduddulrldudrdddldrududduuuduuluudduruuldudurddduluuurddddlududdurlrludddrddududlurduldudrlurdlurduldudrddddududulrdduldurlrlrldudrlrluduuurlrdduuddlrldrlurudduuldddudurduuulududrdlurddudulrudulrulrduududldrlddrldruddududduldrudlddrludduuuddurlddrlddddrdduudldurddlduuurdldrduuludrudduuuddddlrdddlddudddrduluudduurlrluuuuuuuuruudduudulduduudrdlrdduldddddruuudlrudddluruuuluuudrluudddruuludddruddduuuuldrldurdluuuruuuulruuulrdlduuuuruluurdddulrlrluduurulurluruldddrldduuduuudrluurduulrdluuudrludurdddduuddudduulurlddrduuluududruudluruldruluduudrduluuuuurldddudrluruduldrlrdldudrlddurdlrulrlduurldrldrduddddulrlrlrldrudldurulrddulddduurdlrddddlududduurdludduurlduruuuduuuldudrludurlrlddruuuddlddrlrluruuduluddddduuruduluudrlrdludrldrudddldrdlrddudlruuuudduldrudlrduudddluuddududruudlududdrduuudlurdddulrldduudduddudurddlddrddlrlrulduruuudldrulrdudlddrdddldudurdluruulrulrlddurulruudududdldrlduduurdlrduuulddrlddrdldudurudddlruludurldrlrulrluududruldddrlrlruddduuluddduuruuluudurdldrlruuuddludrdulrldruddduluuurddddududlruludrulrlrulruldrdluudddddudurduuddlurdduuduulurudulduduurdulrulrddddlrdlruluddrldruuluddddrlrluudddurlrdddddluudruldrulddrulrlrlrduddududlruuududluurduddldrulduuruldudurdduuddlrudluuduuudrduuuuddlrlrlddrlrdulrluurlurdludrddldrddudlurddddddlrlddrluduurdlrdduulruddudlrdudlurdddudddduludurlrldudrddlruuuldrlurududlrulruluduuduudruuddlddudddrduddlddudrldrddlrluddrduuluruluududruudddudlddrdlrluddruludrdldddruduuldrdluduuudrldrdludduruddlrdlrdulurdlurludrdlddurlrdlrudluruuulrlruulrdlrlrlddrudldrudduulrdlrdlrdlrldruldrldrdduddldrlurudddulrldrldddrddlrdudlduddrlurulddrlurluurldddrludduuruudduddddulrddldudrlruludddurddduududdlrduluuruuuldduuuddurduludrldrdluudduddrduldurlruulruduuduldrduluudrdududduldrudddlurldurudlduduuudrdlrlrdluuruludrddlrulrlududduuurldduudddrdludruuddddduuddulruduldrldrduuudduddulrulrlrldurdludrlddrluuudurduuudlddrlrlurulurduulduurddddulduddduurududulrluuudrdldurlrduldurldddddrlrulduuduurddddduulurldrudlruulurudduulruulrdlurlurdldrdluuurududdlddrduudlrlrldudrdduuddudldruduuuddddddldruuuulduruuddduuduldurulddddrdudduuudddldduurlrddldrldduruuludrlrddlrdduludrluudrldrulrdddddluurudlrlduudruluuurldudrulrlrdududlddurddddlrdduddlrluurddluurdddldddddrlrddduuudulrdlddrulurldrlddududrlrddlruudldddrlrldrlurdldudrlrluruuddluruulddrlduuruuuuudlrudlrdldduddrlruuduldddrdldrluddrulddddrduudlruuluurldrulduudrldrulrddludruulddruduudlrddlurduuuldruldduddrulurlrldrdduluuurlrdddddlddudddudruudlddudduurdudulruludrudluruluurluuuuuuudduduurddlurdlurdulrddldudrlrduuuudddudulurluudurudlrdlrdluuudurududulrlurldrdudddlruuduududlrdlduurludurldrudddduududldrlrdlrulddrluruduulrdludrldrudlruuuduludrlrluduurdudduuluurudlurluruluurddldddrulrulrlrdlurulrldrlrluurduuuddlrluuuruddulududduuudurldrdldurddluurduuuuluddurluuruddlrduuluduruuduuldruudluurldddurududluudrlrdudlurlrlurudduluddruluuurldddudrdddldudddurlrududuldudrldudurludduuddrdldruuluduuuudruuuldddrdlrulddrddudlddurluruulrduulduuudrlrldudduduudruududldrdluuurudldurduddddludrlrldduddduurldddududdrudlruuldduruuldrldrlruudlurldrlrlrdduulrldurudduuudulrlurudldudddruulddrlrlrldrulduddrddludddurldrluruduluddrluuurdludrddduldudddurdudluududrldduuduruldrddldrluudrddluuddduuurulrdduudulrudluuduurlrludruddldurddludruddulruludddudududrluuuuuurluduudruuuldddddrluuurulddrddlrduuulddddudurdddulddrdlrlruluduuruuuuududuluddurdduuuuldddruulddudduuurlddrdldrduluruldduduuruludruudduuludrlrluddrdludrdduudlurldrduldrluudrldrlrulduuuduuuruuddduludrdulrdulruududududdluuuruududdldduruuuldddruuuulrdldurudludrluddruuududlurlurudulrudddduddluurudldrldrluduuududurlrdudldddrldurudlddruuuuluuududrduudldrddudlduruddlddurluudurlruuudlrudduddudldrludrdlrddlrlruuulrdulrdulrdluurdlrdluurldruudlruddldrlruudududduldudrludruulrldudurddludrlddruduldudurdldrldurulruldudddudruuuduluddurlrddulduudruulduurddludurddluruluruludduruddlduduruududddlrdduuddldurulddurdduuuddlruudluruulddrdudluddruddulrludrldrlurduuudlrdlruluruludurdudlddurdduulrdldudurdudulrdludddrudlrduulddrluduudrddlrlrdldrdluuddrddddludrulrdduddlrduluudruuddulurddlrulddruduldurddlruuldrluddrdldrlduruuldrludrldrlrulruuluuruddlrlrlrdldudrudulrddduuldduruddludddduddrluududdduuuuuduuuuurluddduududdddrldudruuludddrluurdududdddlurudlrdluuruulrdlduddddruduldudduruuldrdlrddlrulurddduldudrulddruddduddddudlurdlddurldurluddurudlurdlddrddduldrldruududuludrdlrulurdddluuuddduuuuurldduddrluurlrlrdlruddluuudrluurdudlrlruddlduruulududruuuuluuuuuudruddudldrldrluddruuluuuddddurdduldudduuurdudldrlrlddrlurudluuddrududuldduuudududddddudrulrlrduududulrludrulrdulurlrlurdldrdudldurlududdurlddruuluruldurduuudlrdluurdduluurduuuuudlrlrdlrddudulurdulrlruddlrudududduddldrlrlrduddulrdulurldudrdudlddruddludrdludduddduddddduruulurludddduddrddlrddddudldurludddrluruduldrlurlrdludrulurddlrddduldrlddruudddddluudduduurluduuurudulruudlddduudurdldudduuddduudrlddddddurluuudrldrlrdldddudududdruldududdrlrlruduuulduddddddrddlrlrdudludrdlddrdldudruddlrldudrddddlrlrulurulrldrlurulrduudulrddddldddruldddurdudduluuuduuududdudududddddrlruduulruuddddlurlrulddurdlruudlrlrddldduruluddurldrduuddlrldrlddrldudrlruddduuulurudluuruduuddluurudddddddulrdldduurdlrdudduuudlruudlruuududuuddudlrluurlruddulrdldddddurudududdluruulruduuuduuuuudduuluuuddudddrddddulrddlrldddrlrdlrdulruduldrdldudddduurldruddddlruduldrdlrldrdlurdduluuduurulurdddlurduuuudludududrududddldruuuuuuuldruuluuruulduurdduldruudulduuruldrldrlrudlrlddrududduulududdrdlruudlrdldddrdduuddludrulruuddldduduuuurulurluruldurdlrdludurldudurddluuruluuruudulurlrlrlrludddruddlurduulrudlrulddduurddudduuulrlurddlrlrlrlurdlddrlddrduluurldduuudurldddduuuudrldrldrlrddddlrduduuududulrdldrlduruluuudruldurddddduudlrlurluudddrlruluduurdduluddddrlrldrulrlurlrlrldudrudddddluuurdlduuurlruddddldrudulrddlrldddrlrdlrlrduddlddrudulurduldddduruuudduulddrlrudulurddudludrlduruudlruluuruudddlrlrluddruduldurlrlrlddudruldrdddduduluududduruluddrduudldurulddrulrldurlurlddurlddudrddddulddrdluuudrlrdldrdlduruudlrdldddurlrduududdlrldrdddlurulrdlurluduurldrldddurluddurulududududrlrdldrlduddrlrlddudurddluuduuruduuuludddurduuldruluuuudrudlrduuduuddlrdddduduulrdlurdudulrulddduruudddduuudlurdldrdlddrduduuludurulruuulurdddlduudurddulddrduulurulurduuduuuuudduuuulrluuuddrlrlddrdlrlddduduudrdldruduududuulrlrlruulruldurlddduurdldddudrluduuruuldrdlddrldddurdlurlrulduurlddurulrlurlrlrlrulruuuuduuduuuldudrldrlrldruuuudldrlruulrlddrlurdldudrdludrdduddluduurldduudrdludrdldddduddrdududluuudruuulrdududluuruluudrludduuurluddurddulrldrluuurulruuldurlrldrudulrdduluuududurlrlrdlruludrdddludduddrdluruuldruddduulrlrdldurudlrduldrulrdlrluurlrdlrdlrluurdldurdududdduulurlududrlrudlurudldduudrulrulrldrlurldduuuruudluruldrldurdudldrduuluuudrudulrldruuuuludruduluurddluddrddduluurldrulruddddudlddrlrdlrlududduurdduduudduluurudulududurluuuuuddrduulddduurddldruddududldrudlududduuuuuddrdlrdluddurudduuudlrlrulurulddrlurudddludurududuuudlrlrduddlrudlddddduuurddlddududududrlrluruuuudduuduluuruldudrdlddrddduulduuduuddddudrddddlddduuruuuuuuududulrududdulrudlddruuudduduldrlrlrlududrduddlrlddddrlruuddlddurudddduuluuddurdlududrlduruduldrldrlrluuruldrdduuddddldduurdddudulruludrdludruldudrdulddrdlrlrlddrdduulrdlurlrlruduuldddruulurdudddlduuudruuluuruuuudduuddldddddurlduurldduddrduluuudrduuddduduuuudluuddduurlrulurddldrdddduuldduurldrluurldduuuurduuuuluurudulurduluuddrlruduldrldurdldrlrlruulduuuuuuruulrduudlruddluddddrddddldrlrludrlrdlddurduddlduuudrdluurlrdlrudlrudlurdddddlruudluuuddrldudrluduurlrlrdddduudlrlrlduudrdduduuludrdudduuldddrdludrdlrldudrlrulurdddluruddlududurlrudududdlddrdluduudrlruudluudduruulrdduluurlrdudulrdudlrdulrlduddurdlruulurulduuudddrdlurlrludrdlududdurddldddrlruddddduduuddulruddlduddruddluuruldduurldruuludddddudruldrlruluddrulrdududulddrdludrddlrluudurldrlrldurlrlduddddduuududududrdudlrduddlddrduldruudldurudluruulrlrlrlrlruduulrlrluurlruldduruddddudulduuuuuuruulrdluddududdruuduulurddduudlrdddldrdulrldurdudlurlddudddddddrluuuurudlruulruludddurlrlrduldduddrlrludurdduuulrddlrududdduldrlduddurlddrludurlrlrdlrlduurdldrldduuuurdluuuurddlrluuurldrddudduudlrddlduddduurulududrudluuuuruudluuddrdldruulrdldrudddlurddluuruudulrldurdlurlruududddluurduudldddrdlduuurulrludrlduuududdurdddldrdddlruulurudulrdluudrldduuuddruddlddudddrduuulurlurlrduldurdduudulrduduuduluuruuuluruuuudlrdluududuruuudddldrluudduuudurldrudlrlruldudrdduuulrdluuuddrlruuuudlrluurluuudrduuudldrdudlruulurdluuuudddrududududuudduuuduluruldrddudlrududuuldudrlrlrdulrduuudlruulrlruulurdulddruuuulrluurddduuluudrduduudldddduuruuldruuuldddrlrlrulurudluuruulurlrdldruduldudrldudddurdlddududrluruluddrdlrlurdddldrlrduuuldrludruuuldurduulrduulddududdrddlrdluuuuduruuduluddudrduluurudlrldrdududuldurluuddurdldddurlrduduuuuududdudddudduulduuuduuuruuddudulduruluurudlurddlududrlurddluuudrdududuluruulddrdlduruudlddurdudlduuruduuudluurldruudlddudrlrudlrudlruudulrdlurlrlruuddudldrudulrduuulrdluudrldrlrdluudrulduurlruldrudddddlrlruluuddrdlurlruluuuuudrdlrdulurudldddrduuuuldudddrududuldduduruuduudlrlrulddurdududlrdlrlddudrudduuldddudrludrdludddudrduludrdddlrlduududurludrududlrdlurlrlruulrluuddrddulrdduulrddduudulrdddldrduldrdduulurldrdduluurulruudduuudlurulduuduurulruududuuduuuuuudddddlrldurdlurlrludruudludduududrlrddduuddluuuruuulrduluuurldrudlruduluudduurlurdudldudurdduuuldrluduuruulrdduududldruuuududuuluurdludduudduuurdudulrduddduuduuudluruulrlududuruududddudlruldddurulrdulurlduduuduurdlrduuldrlrddddulrulrlruldddrludrldrdldruulurludrddulrluduudrdlduruudludruudluruuulddrldudddrdulddduuuurududuluurulddurdlurddlrluurududdduluduuurudldruuduudduldududuurldduddrdlrudluddduudruldddrduududlrduulrdudlurduulddrldddduudurudlrdudlduurldrlruududduuuddulurudulrddldrdlruludddduuuduudrlurlrdulddddddrluuddrlrlruuddldddruluruuulruduludurldrdddluruluudruldudrlduurdlurdlrlduduudddduuruuldrulddurldddrudlddrlduddrlrdldrluuddrdldrulurdddudldddrdduldduddddduurdldruluuurdluududdududurddlurdluddrlruluudddruudlurdlruulduddrluduruuddlrduldduurluddududduudduuduurldduurdddddlduuurlddrudduluruududluruuulurlrlurduddddlduruuuduluduuddduduuudurudduudluurluudurddldrdlrlrduulrdlrdddldudrldrldurlurlrdldrluddrulduruuudlrddlruuddulrdudluddrlrdlrdldrlurulrduududulududurdddddddudluuuudduduuruudddlrdlrlrlrdulduruddludrdlrdduldrlrluurlurudududluudrduluududdrddludduudurlrdldurluddruddlrdduulrdudlruudldurduuuduuluddduduuduurulruduuddududududuudlrdduduuulrlruulrdlrlurudldrdulurlrdudlrlrduulrudluuddrlddrduuludduuduudurulrludddruldudddudddduddruduluuruulrlruddldduurldddurlurulurddlurdldurulddrdudduuddduuudddlddrudduldrdlruddduldrldruduuuuuuudududludrudluddrdluurdulrdlrdudulruuulrudlruuuudlruulruudluddddddrlduurldrudddlrdluuddrdldrdlrulurddlrududduldrulrudluruulrdduuuldrlruddldurudlurudluruuuddluurduddldrlruuulrlrlrlruuulurludrulddrddldruulruludrduldudurdluduuuurdlddddrudldudududrlrddlrdlrddduuuduluurluddrdldrulduurlrlurduudulruudlddurldduuuuddudrudddudulddrdluurlrlududrdulurdddddluurldrduduuuuluuuudrlruuuuudlrdulurulrlrdudldrudddulruldurlruudluurdudldudrduduuduluurlrulurdlrddluududdddrduluudrduuuulduuurldrdlrddlurlruluuruuudlurdldrlddrlruddddddluuduuuuddruuuuuuddududluddrdlduudduuudrdudddlruuudlrlurlddrulrdudldrlrdudulruuddudluuuuruudluuuuruduuuddlrdlrduluurduuluruududuuudlduddrduuldrludruuudlruudlrduldrluuruduludrddluruuuluddruuuuulrlurdudulddrlduudrdldrdlddruulduuddrudulrdluurudduddlddudrlduurdlduddudurludddruduluurduddludurdluurluduurlruududuuuulddrddluuudurlurdlrdluuudddudddurdldrldruuudluuududruuluudrulrdlduuruduuuulrduddulurdlrldrdlrlruuulrdlduduuduududddrlddruuuldrlduuduruuddduddldudrluddddddddduudurluurluudrluruuudlrlrulduuudrdulddduddruuldrulrudddulduduuuudrulrdddldrduulrdulrldrlrdldduuddduudrulrlurulurlduddrldduruuudlrlrddduldurludurdlrludruuduludududruudulurluruluddudddudrluudurlrulrldrdddulddddrlddruuuldurlruudludrulruudlrlrldurdddududldrlrulrldrdduddlrlrldurulrulrudlrlurudddlduuuurluuudrlruuuulurlruulruldudrlrdlduruulurldududuudduudruduldduduuudrdudlruldrldrduuulrddluuuuduurldrulruududdlduuurdldrduddludrduuulududrdldurlddduurduludrluuuudrududlrddduuduuldddruddulurdududdddldurluurudludrluuddrulddrdluduuuddurlrulurluudrudluddudrududlrddlrlurdludrlrulruulrlrdulrdlrdludduddurdulrudulrlrdduldudrluuddurulrldddrulduuurdudddudluuudrldduuuruluurdlruluuududddrddudludruluuuuruldduduuudrlrlurdudldrduuuuulruuulrududuldrudduuldudddrludruddlrdldudrudluddruldudrdudlrddlruulrlrdldurdudduddulrudddudlrudduuulduuudrddddlrluuuurdlrduuluurdulduurudlrlruuuldrddluuruldrudddlrlrlddduurddlrulrdlrlruduulddrddldddrudlrulurlrduududldrlurlrduldduruudldddrdlududuudrlrudlduudrdudddudduuludrlurddudlurdulrlrulrulrdudduulrldrlruduudldudddddddrdlrddlurlrldruulrduuulrlurdlduruuuuluruduuulruddlruddlruduulrduudduudlddruldurudlddruduldddurduudlurdudlduruludddrldrdudldrluduududruuuududulduruulududurluddrlrlruuududulddrddulrduddudlruuluurdlrludruludduddudruuuldrddluurduldurldddrdduulrdduluruuldurldrdlurdulurldrduuudulruulrulrulurlrdduuddludrdddulrldddrldrduuddldrdduddududldrldudrdulurduddludrddulrulddrduldrduduuuludrlrlrdulddrldurludruduldurldurdddldudruudulruduuludrulrludrddddlduduuurlduuddurlddrdudlruuddulduduudrulrdlrlduduudrlduurluddudddruddddulrdlrddlduudduuddrddldudrdduddudluruuddddludrldruuuddldurdudlurlrduuldrduluurdldrulrlddddurulddddrudlruudlruluudruudlrdduludrdudluurduduuulduuudrldurdluduudrludrduddluurldrdddulurddldrulrulrddldurduulrlurluuurlurlurdduudlrulurdlurldrddulrduluduududrldurludduduurdldrdlddrdluudruldrddlurdudlrldrlrldduuuddudurldddruddudddlrldrdudlduduudrddddududdulrdddududuudluurlrldddddddruldruduudlduddrdlrlrdldruulruluduuurudduulddurudldrlududrdluurlrddududlrulrlruudddudduldudddrlduruulurulruuuuduudlurldrudlrlddddrlrluduuruuddlrduulrdduuldurduluuurdludrludrlrlurduddlduudddrldrududdlruuulurulrudlurddulddruudduuduldrddulrdlduurddudlruludddrdduuuuuldrddluddrdlddddrdddudulududrlurdldudrulruuudlddurudldudurddduluddrlduduurdulrlrudlrluuuruludurldrlrdlurdlrdduulurlruldurldduruduudlrdlrdddddldrudlduddurdudlurdldduuudddddrluurluuurlurlruldrluududruddludrduududuuluuuuurlddrudluuuuuruuddulrulruldurddulrulurluudruldruludrulurlrddlduurlrlddrudulrdlrulurlrdulrdlduuuruldrluuruududduudlurdlruuuddudduddudddlurlduududuudrlurldddrduuludrlduduuddruuudduuulddrdudulrdldddudrulruluddddrdlrlrddduuddudulruluddurldrduluudrldurluuuuurulurlruuludddddruluuddrlrddludrdddulrlurlddudddrduudlrlrdddldddrluuuddduddrluruuduulduruluddddddddrddlddrdlrlddrldrlduruulrldrddluududdurududulrulrldrulruuulruldurldrluduuruuuduuuddduulrludrdlrdldudduurluddrduududdlruduuuuluuurlrduldddddrlurdulrlruluudrdlduurldrddudddddddldddurluudrdddlrlruulrulurduduuulddddurlurlrluuddrlurdlrudlurdldduuddrluuddduudrdduludrdddlduuuuududrluduudurduludduduudrdduluddruuludddddrulrlurdddlrdulrulruddludrdddlrludduuduurduldudruldrduudduuuulddudddruludduduuurddlduruuluruuuudlududrudddlduuurulrdudluddudrldrdluuuddrdudldduuudduuduudrddulrdduluuddduddruuuduluurludrluuruulurlrlddddudrludddrdddludrududlrldddrudulruudlruududulrulrddududldrlrdldrdlduurluruluuuddrdlurudududlrlrldddudrlrlruldrulrdddlrududdluuduuurduddduuulddrlrddudluddrulruuluuurlrddudludrddduuulduduurddudulurduuddulrudduuduldddudurdduduuddldurduuduulduruldrluruluduudrldrddddlrddlruuddlrulrdulruldduuuruludruldrddlrudddudludududdrdulurduddudlruuuulrduulurulrudlurdldrduldududuuuurldurdlddurudddududldruldrdduldrluududrduldurdldududrdulrudduluudurdludruulrddlurluddddddurdldrlrduduuduuuudluuuuuuuddddruuudldrldurddduluruddduulduuuudrdlrdduududduuudlurluurluddruddlurlrdldddudrddlddrulrluuurulrluuurduuluuuudrludduruduulruuudludrldrldrldduruuddluudduuurlrlrudlruldrldrduduuludrulrddudduuudddludrdulrduddddlrludrldduuuudrdluduuddrdldrlrulddruldurddldurdluuruudulrldddrddudluuddudrldrlrdduldddrddlduuudduddruulddudrlrluddurlrlurduludduddrludduuddrluruduuldudrddulrlrlduurldudrlrduulrdduddulrluruuuudldduruuuldruulddudrlrdlrluddrldrdluudrdludruudddddddlrduuludurlurdlrulduuududurluurldddddrdddldrlrduulrlurdulrldudduududuudrluurluuddurlddrulurlrlduuruduluuddrlrldurudulrluuruudlrluddddrdddddlrldrdldrudduduldrddluurudlruuluududrulrlududdrldrddduuudududuuddduduulrdudddduuluddurdlruuluddddddurduuddldrluurulduuuudurluruudldrulrddduldrulduuudddruuddddduldduuuuddduuuuruuudldudduduurlrdlduruduluuududddudddddruulrluurlrddlrduluddudrduludurldrldurldduuuduuruddlddrdldrdddddddulurlduddudrdldrulruldddruulududrdduddldrldurlddruudduddddduulddddrlurdduddddlrluuruddlrulruluuuurlddrlruudulduddddduuuddruldrddldduruddlruuudlrdluddduudurlrddluduuuuruulrluuuddruuudlrdldduddrdldrdluuurulduruulrudluuuddrddulruldudrlurdudulduddrlrdulrddlduuuurulrulurddulddurlrdduulrlruldrdlrluuddrduuudlurududdudludddurduddludrddlududurluddudddudurluurduldrduuddldrldudrulududduuuddudrlddrldrluddruldduuudrdludrluddudrudlurdluuurdduddudulrdddldrlrdudlddruluuuddddrddddudulurdududduuudduuuuuulruudludrulddrdluuurudduduuuludduuruldudrdluuuddrlrluddrdldddruluuurdldrdddlddrudldruludduuuurdlurudldudududruuddudduulrddluurluurlruddduddlrlrulrlurdddlrlduddrlrdulrudduuuldduduruldddduudduurlurlrduuuluurddlrulrdlrudduudulduurudlrduuduldruulrdddluurdluruduuudlrddulruulrududduuldrdlrdlrlrdlddudrddddluuurddlrdldrdulrluduurddlrudulrlrduudldurdluuuurduudddlrduldrlrlruuldrduulrduulddddrlduruldurldrldruluuuurulruudluruuduuduuldrldurudulddrldddrdduuduuddlruuldruldddudrdluuddurluududrduldrduulrudlduurldrudulddrdulduruuuuulrdulddrdlurduduudulrludruuududdudduuulddurulrdldrulddrdlrlrdldurlruuduuudlruldrdddudlurlduruddlrudlrludrduluduuurdddlurdudldrdulurduddlrduuuuldudddduudrududluuddddurddluuduruulududduurlrlrldrdudlrdudulduduuddrddluruuddulrudlrlrludrddudulrludrdluurldurdldrdlurddluudrldurlrduldurduduuuddlduuurulddduuuudrlrududuldruuluruddulddruudduulurlrdduluuruddudldurlduuurdlddrduluddddrluudrldrddlrlurduluruuudlrudduluurdluddruldudrdduudldrluuuruduulrudulddrulurlruldrlddurlrdluddrluuudruldrulddddduurdulduudrldurudulduuruuduuldruuuddduldurluduudrldudruuuuuddlrdulrudlurlrddddlduuuduuuruddldduruludrlddddurulrldrulrlrduuuuduuludurdludrlddurludrlduuduudrudldruduudulddddududddduuruuuduuludurdudduuuddddlrlrudulrdlrluududruduudldduuduudrdluduuruldrdudldrluruuuuududldrlduddrdlddruuuldrdudldurudduuudulurlddduddrdduulurdduluddrlruuulrdlurlruuudddldrlddudrddldrlruddudluuuduuuuddrluddrddulrududuudulrudldrluduuudrluurdddddlrududldrddulrddudulurduddlrulrddlurulurdddudlrdlrduddldurduuuuluurulruddddulrdulrlurlurulrlrdulruuuulrduuuudlurlrddlrdudlrdudduuldrdudduuuuudulrduddddddududluurdlrdulurddlrlurudlrdlurududdudludrulurdudldrlrddluruluuuurlurddluddrudludddddurddduuududdduudddlrlududurlrlrdlrududddulrlududurdddlduddurddlrddlddruldrludurduuldudrulrdlurdlrddudldrddlurdlrldrudulurlruldrdulrlrdulrlrlrldrulruudlddudurddlduuuudddrlrldruudduddlrulrudldrlrdlduduuruulddrldduduudrlruddldduuuduuurudluudrdlrlddrulurddldrlduuruduldrlruulddddrldddurdulrlrdddluruuuuduludrlruuulrdulruudddduuddlruduudlrudluddrldduruddludruluudurlrdldrldurudldrulruduuduldrlrduduldddudddrduuuuuuuuddudldddruuuuulrdulrldrduulrdudlruduluuuudrulrlurlurlrdlduurdludrlrldduddddduuuduuudddruulruuduuuuuuduudlruduuuddddulrdlduuuuuurududduuuluurluruuldruuduuuddudlddruuduuuuluurddddlurlurddududluuuurdldrlurudddddlrluurddduuddludddrdddulddrudddulrlrdlduuuruududlurudldduduuurddddlrluudrudldudrdudlurludrddudduuluuurddddulddrdudulurddduluuurlddrluruldduurlrlrulddddurldrldrldrdlrulududududurlduurldrduuduulrdudluurduuduluuuurddlruduuuduldududddduurluddudrdddlurdludduuddddrluuuudrulruulrduuulrlddduurduuldrudluddrldudurulrududduuldurlrulddudurulurluurldrlrudldddruuulrdlduurdddduuddlddrldddudurluduruddduludrduudlrulrldduuuurlruuuddlrluududuuddrdudulrdlrdddldurduulududrdudlruludrdlrddddlduddurdddulrlddrduulddrlrlurdudlududrluddrdlrdddduuluuuduuudduduudruddlruuluuruuulrdddudduluuruddudlrlruluuurlrludrduduuulruududdldrldrldruuuldruduludrudluddurlrdlrudlrlrlrddluduuduruulddudurldruuuduuldrduulduuuuddrdldrddlrdulruuuduulddudududdruldrlduuddddurlruduulddduudruuulduudddrudldddrududdldruuuldurluurlurdlrluuuddrldudduruduududlruuulddrdlrlrlrddlurlrdlrludruuulddduudduurdduuluddurddlududruuuuuluddudrlrdulruududdduludurududddlddurlrldurududddulurlrduudlrdlurluuduurludrduldddduruluduuudddrudddduudlruddudluuduruluuuduruddulrdddldduurddddlrlrlurluddrlruuludrududddduduldruduuuuduluurddudldrudddudduldududurudldurlrulrududdlddduudurddudduuulrlrdludduruudlrlrddldrdluuurlurudddldrlrddlruuuddduuududlurlududrulrdldrduddlruuuddduddduuuuuldrluuduurldruuududududlrlddrduuuuludddddrlddrddudluudurlrduuludrduuulddddurldduurlduruduulruudlrluddurudddddlruuuuulrudluduuddrduldrududuulrddlrudlrddlddurluuuddddurludruldruludrlruluddurludddrdlrdddldurulurulrlurulrlrlddrdulrluruuldurldurdulddrlrulduududrdduldrddduluddrldrlududrldruldrluuuduruldudduruudlduuddruduuluudrlrlurddudlrluudrudldddrluduruudldrldruuulrduduldudrduduldrddlduurldduruulddudddurldurdlddrduuuddudldurlrluuddudurldrudlrduulududddurdlrudlrdlurdduuuulddrlrddldrdduudlddudddurulrddudlruuuudlurldrddlurludrlduruuldrulduuduuuuduuurldrluruluuuurudlrudludrlrddddudldrudldruuudddluduuruuuduuuulurldrdddduludduuddrdudduddldrduuluurulruddldrduuudlrludddrduduludddudurdudlrudluddduudurldurulddrluuddrluurlrduulruuudduududlrluruuuuulduuurdddldddrlddrdldrdluddrlrudududulurdduulurlruulrduulurluuuuuuruuduuududddulrduuuuulurduuulduuuruduuuuulurududldduruluurdluurldurudludduurluduudrldudduduruulrlruuluududuuruldruddlruulrldduudrdulurddddlrddlduddurudlrldududurdududuudddduulurdddludruluududruudlrlrdddlruuulrdddduuuuluuududddruddudulruuldrldrluruuulrldruddduuuddlddduuduurdldruduldruuluudrdddluuuuduruulrldddrlrdlrdduuulddduddrluudrdluurlrulddrluuurududuludruudddudduuulrudlrlrdluuurlrlduudrulrduudlrdlrdddlurldurddddlrldrdddldrudluddurddlruuuldudrddludurlrldddrdlrluruuduuddluudrdluuuurdulurulrdlrldudduuruuudddudulrldrddluudurdluudrlrddulruludrddlddddududdudurddduldduuurulruuuuddudulrdddududlurdddlduddrdldrlrdlrlurudldrluudddddrdluuurddduudduldrdduuddddlurlrududulrlrldddddrudldudrdddulrulrldurdlrdduudlrdduulrdluruddudldrlurulrlrdludrlrlrdldrludddurdduuudluuruuduluuruuduuddududlrulruludduudddddurlrdldrulddrdduudulruuudlrdulurddudlurlurdlruddlrduduludrlurlrlurldurddluuudrdlurluurluruulddrddudduddudlduuudrduduludddruudluruuuudlddurldduuurluddrudluduuudruudddldurulududrludduuruudlrluruduudluuuddudduudduruludrlrddddldruludduruudduulrldrdlrduluuuuuuuuduuduruldrluddduuruduuuddudldduuddrduldrdudduldduurdluudrduuulrluuddrdludrdldduudrlddurlduduurdlrludrlduudruuuuudulurldddrldruluuruuuddddddluruddlurlruludrlurlrlurulurduulruuluuudrdlddurduldrluduurdduuludurduulrddulddrudlrldduddrudulrlrldrlurlrddddlurludddddrldrulruuudluurdlddruluurdlrdlurldrdulrdudlurdldrdluuduuruudlurduuuuluurludrdlrdlrlruuldrudlrlruduudduudulrudldrluuuduuuudddduruluuuruuuluuduurddluudurdludduuuuddduruuuuludrlrlduuurdldudrddluddddrulurlrdldrldddurlrddludrddddlddruulrludruulruuuulrlduddurdlrdluurlruldrldrulduddduurlurduddldrdluudududddddddruulrlddudduruludrudlurlurlrldduruudlruddldddududurdduulddudrdddddlurlrlrludddurddluddurduulrludurdluurlrduuudluudrdldrudduulrdlurlurluurdudlruuludduruduludurlrluuudddrlruduldruludrlrulrludrluruldududdrldrldddrudlrlrldudrlddrdlrlddrdlrldrulruldruludrduluddrulddudduduudrulurdlurlrlrdulrlrldruuluurdduldddduuduurulddurldudrudldduuddudddurlurdulrdudldddrddddudlrdlrlurlrldduddruuldddurlrldrdldudruldrdlruluurdluddduurluduuudrddludrulduruuduldurudulddrldruuuuduuuulrlrldrddlrluuurudddddudlurdudulduuddudruddduulrlududdrddddddlurddddduluurdlrlrluruduulruudulrdduuluuduuurlrddlurluurdlrddlrduuddduldduruddlruuudddduddluudurlurduluuduudrlurdldrduduulrduluurluuddurduduluduuudrddlrdldduddddrdldruuldrulurulduurdddulurlrulruudldrudldrdldurluduruduulduduuudruuddulrduddludddrulrduludrddulurdduulrlurdulddrluuruuduulurlurulduddruuldrddlrulddurlrududdulrddduldddddudruuuudlrdddudduuldrdulrdlrluudrdlurddlddduuruuudlrlrdlddrlrldudduuruuuuuuuuuulduurddlruuddddlrulrudludruddulurlrlrduddudulruuldduduuurddldudrlrddudlddduuurluurddudduldddruulrdlurluuurdulduddurddlrddluuduurddududdlrlduurlrlurlurdldrdudlddurdldrduuudulddruldurdldrulrldruduuuuulrdldrdudlrlrlududduuddudruuduudddulrlurlurluruddldrlurdldrulrduuuduuludddurudddlurudluuddruduulddrlrldduudrdldurududldduuurluddrdlruulrdldrlruudlududrdlduddudrdluuduudurlddrulddddudrluudrldrdulrlrdddldrududlrdduuulrdddlrddudludruuulruuluddrulrudluduuudrulrlddruudlduuudrulddudduruldrduuududduuluurdlrulrlduudrulruddlrdlrddldrdluruuduldurdddldddurduuduluuddrudddlurludduruuulruldrddldurduluuududdrudduuddduuuldudrdlrduudluudddrudlruldrdudluuudddrdulrlrlrdudlruuulruudlurlrudlddrdlurdlrddulrlduurlrddlurduuuldrlurlduuudrlrulduudrldddurduuuduuuuuldrlruluuuuudrlddrudduldrldduddudurluuuuuruldduuudurlrudldrudduulurlurlruuuudulrdudludduuddududdurluddruldrdddddudduududddlrdduddlduruduluudrulrudldrudlduurddududludurluuuuuuddrluudurudlddrluuduuuurlrdduududduulddrdduuudldrdlrludrldduuurulurduluruddudulurududddlrdlddrldurluddddduudrlduduruldrluuruddludrlddrlrududlrdudluurlrlurldrdduudulruuldurlruudludrlrludrduddulruluuduudruuuddduuuldddrdlruuudldddrulurddldruudduduluudddduuudrdduduudddlruldudrdudduduuulrulduruuuluduurluuudrduuuduuddldruudldddruulrlruluudurluuddddrulrlduurdudududlddurlruuudldudrlrdddlurdulrlrlurulrdudulrdludrulruuuuldrlrddldrddlduduuurddduuulrdlddrulrdldddrlurudddluurulurlduuudrdudlrdulruuulrulrluuurlduududddrlddruuduulrudlurudulddrlrlddurddudluuuuurudlrdlrulrdlrldudrluruudlddurlduruduluurlruudddduluurdudluduudruuulrdulurddulrldduruuuudduludruldudduurulduurduuuluddruududuudlduuduurlddudduuudrdlruduuuuuduldrlddrduuluuruludrddlrlrudulrulrldurldurldrdluurdlduduuuuruduuldddrluudrlududrddduuluudruuddldddrdduuuuuulrdlrlddrduuldruulruddludrldrldurulrudlduuuuruuduludddduudurdlrluuuuduudrluudurddldudrudulurludruulurlrduuulrulurdlrdulruuudldrududldrlurlrlrdlrdldurulurduuddluuurlrulrldrudlrdludrulrlrulrluddududddrulurdlrudlududrddddddulruduluurlruluurduldruuldudrududluudrdddlduuudurulddrlurddlduuududdrlrldurudulrlurlurduulduuduudduurudduuuulruddlduurldurluddurlrlrldududrulrluruuuudlddrdlrdlduuduurddddudlruudludddrlddurlurluurdldrddluddududdrludduuduudurlrdlddduudddruudludrlrdduludrduddlruduldurududdudulddrdludrulruudulduruluduudrdlruduuudududuuldruluduurdduldudruluddudruddlrldruddlurludrlrduuddduuuldruulrdulrlruluudurduluurdddulduduurududlruududdluuuurdluduudrldddudrldurddulrluurlrlrlrduuudldddddruuddlrlrldudrldrdlrlurudlrdddddlddddrdddulruldudrulrdduldudrddulruudlrddulrdddududduddlrdlruduldrddudlrddudludduduuduuruludruluruldudrduulurlrldruddlddddduuduuduudurudduudlrldudrlududdrdulrldduurulrulrdluurluuuduurdldrddlddruddldurdulruluddrdlruulrdudddlrulurlduurudduddduuluruuldududduurddlrldddrdlddrlrulrdddlrdlddrdulrddlruluuudruuuduludrulududrluuuddddduuuuuduudrduldrudlduuduurluddruudddddldurldrldrddduuuluuudrduddldruldurldrldduruudlduurldddduruluurddlduruluddurlduurddluuudrlddruluuudruluuudrduuuudlrudulrlududrdudlrulruuulrulruudlduudrduulrduddldudrldrudlrdulddudruldrlrldurddluruuddlrulrdluuurlduudrduluuddddruludddruudlruldruddulduruudddddulrudddulrluuuddurlruduluurulurdlduddrddluuudrlurududluudrluuuudrududduuudlddurduldrldrduuuudddlrdduldudrdddudlrlrluurddlrdluuurdddluuruuuuddluruudddudlruuddlruuuluruluuddrldudurdluurluruddulrdulrlrduuldrluurdulrdddldrlurdduudduuduuddluurududlduruudlruulruluruldurlrlrduudluruulrlddddurudlrlrulurulruuudduldrdddddlrldrudddulrlduuduuuurddddlrdduluddudurduluddurdduuldurlrduddudlduruduuddduulududrdudldudddurduldudrudldduuruuuldrlduuurdulddddrlrlrddddlrlduddrduluudddududdrlrdlddurlrdduududulduurludurulurduldudduddruldrdududdlruuldrlurdluruldurlurduududddldrldrldduddurldddurlduudrddudlddurluddurudluuuuruuluuudrdulrlurldruulrdudluurdduldduduruduuldrdulrludrdlddudddduduurdluduruluddddrldrlrulrduuuldurulrdulurluruuddulrdlddurdldduuurlddrlruluuruuldurulruldurldrdddluduudududrlduuruudddlruludruddlrdluddruudulurlrdulurlduuuuruluurluuurudulurdluddruddlurlrulrulduurdlurulrluuduurddulddrdlrlrulrldrdlrldrddudlrddlurlrldrududlrudduldrdulrdlddddddruldurulrdulurlurdduldududdudrddduuuldddududduduruldrludrdddulruulrlrudduulrdlrduduudulruldudurddudlrdudddulddrudldurudduludddddddrlrulurdldrulrldduruldruludrdudulurdlrudluuuduuduuuddrlduruuulurlrldrluuddudurlrdddulduurldddudruluduuduurluddddrdddluuurldurlrlrddldruuddlrludduuruuuludddrldudurlurdddduuddldrlruuuuuuldrudddlrdluuruuulrddlurlrdldrldrluduruuuluudrldrudlruldrldruuuldrlrulrdulrluduuuruuuuluddudrlrdlrududdluddrudldrdulduruuulruldurdlduurdldudurluuuruuuudddudddluddududuudddrldrlduddurldrldurdlruldruduludrlrlrluudddudruludruduuldudurlddruuduulrduduluuurlruududdduduuulrluurlrddulduurludruuuluuddrlruududuududludrldrlurludrlrdudddduuuldrddddlrudddluuuuruuddudldurdldrdudlddddududrldrlurddddlruulrdddulurulduuruudlrulrududlrddudludrdulddududuuduruudldrlrdlddrlurduulrlruddlrlruldurdulddrudlrdudlrdddldrlduudruuuuulduduurudludrlddrdlurduuldddudududddudduududdrddlruuuuudduuluuudurdudulrdluduurddldurdlruudludddduduurdludruluruluuurluurldrulrudulurdldurudluududdrlrdlddudduuuruduuuuluruuludrulrlruldrludrudduulruuudldrdududuulruudduluddrdddulrdluurlrdddlurulduuuurlrluudrlrduluuudurlrulruduluuddduudduurduduuldddrduldudruududduduulduuuurlrudluurlduurdlduddrldudruddldrudulrduddudlddruulrddduddududdduduluudurlddudruuulrdludurdudluuurdlrddluuruldduuurdluudrlrlrdluuududrduulrudldududddruddduuuddulududrldduurluududrddlruduuuluudrduuludrudududulrlrudludruddddlrdudddulrluuddrdlrududuldruulduurlruddduuddududlrldurdluduuududduuuruludurulurdulrudlrlrdulurlduuurduluuddruuuldruluddrdduuuuldurdlddrddddddulrludurluurdlrlrddlddrdduduluduruudduduuuulrdluuddrduduuuludrdudldruluuudruduuddudlddududuruddlddudduduuuddudruulduddurlrulurdudduluduuruddulrlruulrudlruuluuuuuuudrdduududuuddduuuulruludrlrlduddrlddudududdddddrluruduuuulruuldrudddldurlurduuddlduuurduududlrulurludddduuuuudrulrlrldrdudduldrddludrudduuduuluduruldrududdlrdlurlduddudrlduddrlrlruuluurudlrdlurdlruuudludrluudduuuuuudurluurlruuudldrlrluuduurulrulrdddlududrldrldddrdluddudruuuluruldrulrldduurluruududddddulrldduuudduudduruuldduuurlurddudlurdddlrddludrlurlddrduduuldurulrudlruulduurududulrudulrdludrdddludruuulruudddlddurlrludrlurdduuddulrlddddudurlduduuuuuurudddudluudduuuddrldrldrdduduulrulududduddddurduddudduduluuurulrdluudrudlrldudrudldddrddddlruuuulruududuududduddluudurddldurldurlrdudddldruuuudddulruudlruuluurluudurudlddruluududrdlurlrudlddruududldddudduduurludrdlurdludurddlduduruuuddlduurulrudlrluuruuddddldrludrdlrdluuuuudrlduurldrluruuududduuuduulurduudulurldurlrdlruldrlrlrludurlddrdduddudldduurldurulddrulrudlddrdlruluuudrdddlurlrdluduuuuuurdlrdluudurududdlududddddrluuruuudlrddddlduududddrlrlruduudlrlddrlrldrddlrddulurduduulurlrldrudlrlruddulruuuuludrldruulrlrddudlurudlurduldrdduuduudulurduldurduulddurlududuuuuurudddududluddddrulddudddrudluudrddlrlrudluurdddludddurlddddruludrlddududdrlrlrdlruduuddulrduduulurdluruduuldurdlrlurluuddudrdlruldrdlrlrdlduddruldruduuuldurlurldrlurlrduldrduulrlddurduduuludurulddrluuurldduddrldudrdlrdlrdulruudluudddurluudrlruudludrdddluduuruddlruldruuulduduududruluurlddrlurdlurddddlddduudruldudrlrlurddludurdldudrlddrdlurddluuurluuurlrduuldruuuuuudddlruldurdddduuuluuurluddurluuuduuudruulrdduddlrdldrlrldrddlurddlrddddlurdlddrudddldduurddlurdldrludrudldddurulruuudlrddluddudrduuldruuuldrddudldduruuuuddduuuldrluddruldrdlrdduuuulrldddddrduudluuudrddludrdlduruuulduruuulrddlruddudlrdldudrdldudddddudrldduruldrddduuluuruuulruuddlrdduddlrduudlrdlrldruuddldrlduruuduldrlduuddruudldududrluuurdlrldrlrdlrudlrddduldddrlrduluruudlurldurlrluurduudduuldruddlrludrdldruluddudrudduldrlurlrldudrluudrdulddudrudlurluudrdludududuuuuddrdlrulurdlurulurduuuudddldruuuddluurldrlurudluuudurddluudrldruluruldrududuluuudrluduuuduruluudduruududldddrddludduruddludddurlrdlrldurlddrlddrddlrddduluududrduudlrdldrulrddudulrulrldrdlrdduluuddrdulu
50000 2
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
X.
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
XX
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
